Exercises
The best way to become familiar with Amazon VPC is to build your own custom Amazon VPC
and then deploy Amazon EC2 instances into it, which is what you’ll be doing in this section.
You should repeat these exercises until you can create and decommission Amazon VPCs with
confidence.
For assistance completing these exercises, refer to the Amazon VPC User Guide located at
http://aws.amazon.com/documentation/vpc/.
EXERCISE 4.1
Create a Custom Amazon VPC
1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console as an administrator or power user.
2. Select the Amazon VPC icon to launch the Amazon VPC Dashboard.
3. Create an Amazon VPC with a CIDR block equal to 192.168.0.0/16, a name tag of My
First VPC, and default tenancy.
You have created your first custom VPC.
EXERCISE 4.2
Create Two Subnets for Your Custom Amazon VPC
1. Create a subnet with a CIDR block equal to 192.168.1.0/24 and a name tag of My
First Public Subnet. Create the subnet in the Amazon VPC from Exercise 4.1, and
specify an Availability Zone for the subnet (for example, US-East-1a).
2. Create a subnet with a CIDR block equal to 192.168.2.0/24 and a name tag of My
First Private Subnet. Create the subnet in the Amazon VPC from Exercise 4.1, and
specify a different Availability Zone for the subnet than previously specified (for
example, US-East-1b).
You have now created two new subnets, each in its own Availability Zone. It’s important
to remember that one subnet equals one Availability Zone. You cannot stretch a subnet
across multiple Availability Zones.
EXERCISE 4.3
Connect Your Custom Amazon VPC to the Internet and Establish Routing
For assistance with this exercise, refer to the Amazon EC2 key pair documentation at:
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-key-pairs.html
For additional assistance with this exercise, refer to the NAT instances documentation
at:
http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/VPC_NAT_Instance
.html#NATInstance
1. Create an Amazon EC2 key pair in the same region as your custom Amazon VPC.
2. Create an IGW with a name tag of My First IGW and attach it to your custom
Amazon VPC.
3. Add a route to the main route table for your custom Amazon VPC that directs
Internet traffic (0.0.0.0/0) to the IGW.
4. Create a NAT gateway, place it in the public subnet of your custom Amazon VPC,
and assign it an EIP.
5. Create a new route table with a name tag of My First Private Route Table and
place it within your custom Amazon VPC. Add a route to it that directs Internet
traffic (0.0.0.0/0) to the NAT gateway and associate it with the private subnet.
You have now created a connection to the Internet for resources within your Amazon
VPC. You established routing rules that direct Internet traffic to the IGW regardless of
the originating subnet.
EXERCISE 4.4
Launch an Amazon EC2 Instance and Test the Connection to the Internet
1. Launch a t2.micro Amazon Linux AMI as an Amazon EC2 instance into the public
subnet of your custom Amazon VPC, give it a name tag of My First Public
Instance, and select the newly-created key pair for secure access to the instance.
2. Securely access the Amazon EC2 instance in the public subnet via SSH with the
newly-created key pair.
3. Execute an update to the operating system instance libraries by executing the
following command:
# sudo yum update -y
4. You should see output showing the instance downloading software from the
Internet and installing it.
You have now provisioned an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet. You can apply
patches to the Amazon EC2 instance in the public subnet, and you have demonstrated
connectivity to the Internet.

Review Questions
1. What is the minimum size subnet that you can have in an Amazon VPC?
A. /24
B. /26
C. /28
D. /30

2. You are a solutions architect working for a large travel company that is migrating its
existing server estate to AWS. You have recommended that they use a custom Amazon
VPC, and they have agreed to proceed. They will need a public subnet for their web
servers and a private subnet in which to place their databases. They also require that the
web servers and database servers be highly available and that there be a minimum of two
web servers and two database servers each. How many subnets should you have to
maintain high availability?
A. 2
B. 3
C. 4
D. 1

3. Which of the following is an optional security control that can be applied at the subnet
layer of a VPC?
A. Network ACL
B. Security Group
C. Firewall
D. Web application firewall

4. What is the maximum size IP address range that you can have in an Amazon VPC?
A. /16
B. /24
C. /28
D. /30

5. You create a new subnet and then add a route to your route table that routes traffic out
from that subnet to the Internet using an IGW. What type of subnet have you created?
A. An internal subnet
B. A private subnet
C. An external subnet
D. A public subnet

6. What happens when you create a new Amazon VPC?
A. A main route table is created by default.
B. Three subnets are created by default—one for each Availability Zone.
C. Three subnets are created by default in one Availability Zone.
D. An IGW is created by default.

7. You create a new VPC in US-East-1 and provision three subnets inside this Amazon VPC.
Which of the following statements is true?
A. By default, these subnets will not be able to communicate with each other; you will
need to create routes.
B. All subnets are public by default.
C. All subnets will be able to communicate with each other by default.
D. Each subnet will have identical CIDR blocks.

8. How many IGWs can you attach to an Amazon VPC at any one time?
A. 1
B. 2
C. 3
D. 4

9. What aspect of an Amazon VPC is stateful?
A. Network ACLs
B. Security groups
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon S3

10. You have created a custom Amazon VPC with both private and public subnets. You have
created a NAT instance and deployed this instance to a public subnet. You have attached
an EIP address and added your NAT to the route table. Unfortunately, instances in your
private subnet still cannot access the Internet. What may be the cause of this?
A. Your NAT is in a public subnet, but it needs to be in a private subnet.
B. Your NAT should be behind an Elastic Load Balancer.
C. You should disable source/destination checks on the NAT.
D. Your NAT has been deployed on a Windows instance, but your other instances are
Linux. You should redeploy the NAT onto a Linux instance.

11. Which of the following will occur when an Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)-
backed Amazon EC2 instance in an Amazon VPC with an associated EIP is stopped and
started? (Choose 2 answers)
A. The EIP will be dissociated from the instance.
B. All data on instance-store devices will be lost.
C. All data on Amazon EBS devices will be lost.
D. The ENI is detached.
E. The underlying host for the instance is changed.

12. How many VPC Peering connections are required for four VPCs located within the same
AWS region to be able to send traffic to each of the others?
A. 3
B. 4
C. 5
D. 6

13. Which of the following AWS resources would you use in order for an EC2-VPC instance
to resolve DNS names outside of AWS?
A. A VPC peering connection
B. A DHCP option set
C. A routing rule
D. An IGW

14. Which of the following is the Amazon side of an Amazon VPN connection?
A. An EIP
B. A CGW
C. An IGW
D. A VPG

15. What is the default limit for the number of Amazon VPCs that a customer may have in a
region?
A. 5
B. 6
C. 7
D. There is no default maximum number of VPCs within a region.

16. You are responsible for your company’s AWS resources, and you notice a significant
amount of traffic from an IP address in a foreign country in which your company does
not have customers. Further investigation of the traffic indicates the source of the traffic
is scanning for open ports on your EC2-VPC instances. Which one of the following
resources can deny the traffic from reaching the instances?
A. Security group
B. Network ACL
C. NAT instance
D. An Amazon VPC endpoint

17. Which of the following is the security protocol supported by Amazon VPC?
A. SSH
B. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
C. Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol (PPTP)
D. IPsec

18. Which of the following Amazon VPC resources would you use in order for EC2-VPC
instances to send traffic directly to Amazon S3?
A. Amazon S3 gateway
B. IGW
C. CGW
D. VPC endpoint

19. What properties of an Amazon VPC must be specified at the time of creation? (Choose 2
answers)
A. The CIDR block representing the IP address range
B. One or more subnets for the Amazon VPC
C. The region for the Amazon VPC
D. Amazon VPC Peering relationships

20. Which Amazon VPC feature allows you to create a dual-homed instance?
A. EIP address
B. ENI
C. Security groups
D. CGW