Question #1Topic 1
A firm is developing a web application on AWS utilizing containers. At any one moment, the organization needs three instances of the web application to be running. The application must be scalable in order to keep up with demand increases. While management is cost-conscious, they agree that the application should be highly accessible.

What recommendations should a solutions architect make?

A. Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and * as the principal.
B. Add an execution role to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and Service:amazonaws.com as the principal.
C. Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:'* as the action and Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal.
D. Add a resource-based policy to the function with lambda:InvokeFunction as the action and Service:events.amazonaws.com as the principal. 
Question #2Topic 1
A business outsources its marketplace analytics management to a third-party partner. The vendor requires restricted programmatic access to the company's account's resources. All necessary policies have been established to ensure acceptable access.

Which new component provides the vendor the MOST SECURE access to the account?

A. Stop the instance outside the application's availability window. Start up the instance again when required.
B. Hibernate the instance outside the application's availability window. Start up the instance again when required.
C. Use Auto Scaling to scale down the instance outside the application's availability window. Scale up the instance when required.
D. Terminate the instance outside the application's availability window. Launch the instance by using a preconfigured Amazon Machine Image (AMI) when required.
 
Question #3Topic 1
A firm seeks to migrate its accounting system from an on-premises data center to an Amazon Web Services (AWS) Region. Data security and an unalterable audit log should be prioritized. All AWS activities must be subjected to compliance audits. Despite the fact that the business has enabled AWS CloudTrail, it want to guarantee that it meets these requirements.

What precautions and security procedures should a solutions architect include to protect and secure CloudTrail? (Choose two.)

A. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1. Enable S3 Cross-Region Replication from the existing S3 bucket to the second S3 bucket.
B. Create a cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) configuration of the existing S3 bucket. Specify us-east-1 in the CORS rule's AllowedOrigin element.
C. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1 across multiple Availability Zones. Create an S3 Lifecycle management rule to save photos into the second S3 bucket.
D. Create a second S3 bucket in us-east-1 to store the replicated photos. Configure S3 event notifications on object creation and update events that invoke an AWS Lambda function to copy photos from the existing S3 bucket to the second S3 bucket.
 
Question #4Topic 1
A firm maintains a searchable inventory of items on its website. The data is stored in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database in a table with over ten million entries. The database is kept on a two-terabyte (TB) General Purpose Solid State Drive (gp2) array. The company's website gets millions of updates to this data each day. The business discovered that some tasks took 10 seconds or longer and determined that the bottleneck was the database storage performance.

Which of the following options meets the performance requirement?

A. Configure a VPC endpoint for Amazon S3. Add an entry to the private subnet's route table for the S3 endpoint.
B. Configure a NAT gateway in a public subnet. Configure the private subnet's route table to use the NAT gateway.
C. Configure Amazon S3 as a file system mount point on the EC2 instances. Access Amazon S3 through the mount.
D. Move the EC2 instances into a public subnet. Configure the public subnet route table to point to an internet gateway.
 
Question #5Topic 1
A business that is currently hosting a web application on-premises is prepared to transition to AWS and launch a newer version of the application. The organization must route requests to the AWS or on-premises application based on the URL query string. The on-premises application is rendered unreachable over the internet, and a VPN connection is established between Amazon VPC and the business's data center. The company wishes to deploy this application using a load balancer (ALB).

Which of the following solutions meets these criteria?

A. Use AWS Snowball Edge devices to process and store the images.
B. Upload the images to Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) during intermittent connectivity to EC2 instances.
C. Configure Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to create multiple delivery streams aimed separately at the S3 buckets for storage and the EC2 instances for processing the images.
D. Use AWS Storage Gateway pre-installed on a hardware appliance to cache the images locally for Amazon S3 to process the images when connectivity becomes available.
 
Question #6Topic 1
A meteorological start-up company has created a custom web application for the aim of selling weather data to its members online. The company currently uses Amazon DynamoDB to store its data and wishes to establish a new service that alerts the managers of four internal teams whenever a new weather event is recorded. The business does not want for this new service to impair the operation of the present application.

What steps should a solutions architect take to guarantee that these objectives are satisfied with the MINIMUM feasible operational overhead?

A. Create a DynamoDB table in on-demand capacity mode.
B. Create a DynamoDB table with a global secondary Index.
C. Create a DynamoDB table with provisioned capacity and auto scaling.
D. Create a DynamoDB table in provisioned capacity mode, and configure it as a global table.
 
Question #7Topic 1
A corporation uses an AWS application to offer content to its subscribers worldwide. Numerous Amazon EC2 instances are deployed on a private subnet behind an Application Load Balancer for the application (ALB). The chief information officer (CIO) wishes to limit access to some nations due to a recent change in copyright regulations.

Which course of action will satisfy these criteria?

A. Modify the ALB security group to deny incoming traffic from blocked countries.
B. Modify the security group for EC2 instances to deny incoming traffic from blocked countries.
C. Use Amazon CloudFront to serve the application and deny access to blocked countries.
D. Use ALB listener rules to return access denied responses to incoming traffic from blocked countries.
 
Question #8Topic 1
Using seven Amazon EC2 instances, a business runs its web application on AWS. The organization needs that DNS queries provide the IP addresses of all healthy EC2 instances.

Which policy should be employed to comply with this stipulation?

A. Simple routing policy
B. Latency routing policy
C. Multi-value routing policy
D. Geolocation routing policy
 
Question #9Topic 1
Each day, a corporation collects data from millions of consumers totalling around 1'. The firm delivers use records for the last 12 months to its customers. To meet with regulatory and auditing standards, all use data must be retained for at least five years.

Which storage option is the MOST CHEAPEST?

A. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard. Set a lifecycle rule to transition the data to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. Set a lifecycle rule to delete the data after 5 years.
B. Store the data in Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA). Set a lifecycle rule to transition the data to S3 Glacier after 1 year. Set the lifecycle rule to delete the data after 5 years.
C. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard. Set a lifecycle rule to transition the data to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 1 year. Set a lifecycle rule to delete the data after 5 years.
D. Store the data in Amazon S3 Standard. Set a lifecycle rule to transition the data to S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA) after 1 year. Set a lifecycle rule to delete the data after 5 years.
 
Question #10Topic 1
A business uses an Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL database instance to manage a fleet of web servers. Following a normal compliance review, the corporation establishes a standard requiring all production databases to have a recovery point objective (RPO) of less than one second.

Which solution satisfies these criteria?

A. Enable a Multi-AZ deployment for the DB instance.
B. Enable auto scaling for the DB instance in one Availability Zone.
C. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and create multiple read replicas in a separate Availability Zone.
D. Configure the DB instance in one Availability Zone, and configure AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) change data capture (CDC) tasks.

Question #11Topic 1
On Amazon EC2 instances, a business is developing an application that creates transitory transactional data. Access to data storage that can deliver adjustable and consistent IOPS is required by the application.

What recommendations should a solutions architect make?

A. Provision an EC2 instance with a Throughput Optimized HDD (st1) root volume and a Cold HDD (sc1) data volume.
B. Provision an EC2 instance with a Throughput Optimized HDD (st1) volume that will serve as the root and data volume.
C. Provision an EC2 instance with a General Purpose SSD (gp2) root volume and Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1) data volume.
D. Provision an EC2 instance with a General Purpose SSD (gp2) root volume. Configure the application to store its data in an Amazon S3 bucket.
 
Question #12Topic 1
Prior to implementing a new workload, a solutions architect must examine and update the company's current IAM rules. The following policy was written by the solutions architect:


What is the policy's net effect?

A. Users will be allowed all actions except s3:PutObject if multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled.
B. Users will be allowed all actions except s3:PutObject if multi-factor authentication (MFA) is not enabled.
C. Users will be denied all actions except s3:PutObject if multi-factor authentication (MFA) is enabled.
D. Users will be denied all actions except s3:PutObject if multi-factor authentication (MFA) is not enabled. 
Question #13Topic 1
To allow neat-real-time processing, a web application must persist order data to Amazon S3. A solutions architect must design a scalable and fault-tolerant architecture.

Which solutions satisfy these criteria? (Select two.)

A. Write the order event to an Amazon DynamoDB table. Use DynamoDB Streams to trigger an AWS Lambda function that parses the payload and writes the data to Amazon S3.
B. Write the order event to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use the queue to trigger an AWSLambda function that parsers the payload and writes the data to Amazon S3.
C. Write the order event to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Use the SNS topic to trigger an AWS Lambda function that parses the payload and writes the data to Amazon S3.
D. Write the order event to an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. Use an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to trigger an AWS Lambda function that parses the payload and writes the data to Amazon S3.
E. Write the order event to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Use an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) rule to trigger an AWS Lambda function that parses the payload andwrites the data to Amazon S3.
 
Question #14Topic 1
A business in the us-east-1 region offers a picture hosting service. Users from many countries may upload and browse images using the program. Some photographs get a high volume of views over months, while others receive a low volume of views for less than a week. The program supports picture uploads of up to 20 MB in size. The service determines which photographs to show to each user based on the photo information.

Which option delivers the most cost-effective access to the suitable users?

A. Store the photos in Amazon DynamoDB. Turn on DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) to cache frequently viewed items.
B. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Store the photo metadata and its S3 location in DynamoDB.
C. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to move photos older than 30 days to the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Use the object tags to keep track of metadata.
D. Store the photos in the Amazon S3 Glacier storage class. Set up an S3 Lifecycle policy to move photos older than 30 days to the S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class. Store the photo metadata and its S3 location in Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES).
 
Question #15Topic 1
A business is creating a website that will store static photos in an Amazon S3 bucket. The company's goal is to reduce both latency and cost for all future requests.

How should a solutions architect propose a service configuration?

A. Deploy a NAT server in front of Amazon S3.
B. Deploy Amazon CloudFront in front of Amazon S3.
C. Deploy a Network Load Balancer in front of Amazon S3.
D. Configure Auto Scaling to automatically adjust the capacity of the website.
 
Question #16Topic 1
For the database layer of its ecommerce website, a firm uses Amazon DynamoDB with provided throughput. During flash sales, clients may encounter periods of delay when the database is unable to manage the volume of transactions. As a result, the business loses transactions. The database operates normally during regular times.

Which approach resolves the company's performance issue?

A. Switch DynamoDB to on-demand mode during flash sales.
B. Implement DynamoDB Accelerator for fast in memory performance.
C. Use Amazon Kinesis to queue transactions for processing to DynamoDB.
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to queue transactions to DynamoDB.
 
Question #17Topic 1
A significant media corporation uses AWS to host a web application. The corporation intends to begin caching secret media files in order to provide dependable access to them to consumers worldwide. Amazon S3 buckets are used to store the material. The organization must supply material rapidly, regardless of the origin of the requests.

Which solution will satisfy these criteria?

A. Use AWS DataSync to connect the S3 buckets to the web application.
B. Deploy AWS Global Accelerator to connect the S3 buckets to the web application.
C. Deploy Amazon CloudFront to connect the S3 buckets to CloudFront edge servers.
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) to connect the S3 buckets to the web application.
 
Question #18Topic 1
In the AWS Cloud, a web application is deployed. It is a two-tier design comprised of a web and database layer. Cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks are possible on the web server.

What is the best course of action for a solutions architect to take to address the vulnerability?

A. Create a Classic Load Balancer. Put the web layer behind the load balancer and enable AWS WAF.
B. Create a Network Load Balancer. Put the web layer behind the load balancer and enable AWS WAF.
C. Create an Application Load Balancer. Put the web layer behind the load balancer and enable AWS WAF.
D. Create an Application Load Balancer. Put the web layer behind the load balancer and use AWS Shield Standard.
 
Question #19Topic 1
On its website, a business keeps a searchable store of things. The data is stored in a table with over ten million rows in an Amazon RDS for MySQL database. The database is stored on a 2 TB General Purpose SSD (gp2) array. Every day, the company's website receives millions of changes to this data. The organization found that certain activities were taking ten seconds or more and concluded that the bottleneck was the database storage performance.

Which option satisfies the performance requirement?

A. Change the storage type to Provisioned IOPS SSD (io1).
B. Change the instance to a memory-optimized instance class.
C. Change the instance to a burstable performance DB instance class.
D. Enable Multi-AZ RDS read replicas with MySQL native asynchronous replication.
 
Question #20Topic 1
A business is prepared to use Amazon S3 to store sensitive data. Data must be encrypted at rest for compliance purposes. Auditing of encryption key use is required. Each year, keys must be rotated.

Which solution satisfies these parameters and is the MOST OPTIMAL in terms of operational efficiency?

A. Server-side encryption with customer-provided keys (SSE-C)
B. Server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3)
C. Server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS) customer master keys (CMKs) with manual rotation
D. Server-side encryption with AWS KMS (SSE-KMS) customer master keys (CMKs) with automatic rotation

Question #21Topic 1
Management need a summary of AWS billed items broken down by user as part of their budget planning process. Budgets for departments will be created using the data. A solutions architect must ascertain the most effective method of obtaining this report data.

Which solution satisfies these criteria?

A. Run a query with Amazon Athena to generate the report.
B. Create a report in Cost Explorer and download the report.
C. Access the bill details from the billing dashboard and download the bill.
D. Modify a cost budget in AWS Budgets to alert with Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES).
 
Question #22Topic 1
A solutions architect must create a system for archiving client case files. The files are critical corporate assets. The file count will increase over time.
Multiple application servers running on Amazon EC2 instances must be able to access the files concurrently. There must be built-in redundancy in the solution.

Which solution satisfies these criteria?

A. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
C. Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
D. AWS Backup
 
Question #23Topic 1
A business must give secure access to secret and sensitive data to its workers. The firm want to guarantee that only authorized individuals have access to the data. The data must be safely downloaded to the workers' devices.
The files are kept on a Windows file server on-premises. However, as remote traffic increases, the file server's capacity is being depleted.

Which solution will satisfy these criteria?

A. Migrate the file server to an Amazon EC2 instance in a public subnet. Configure the security group to limit inbound traffic to the employees' IP addresses.
B. Migrate the files to an Amazon FSx for Windows File Server file system. Integrate the Amazon FSx file system with the on-premises Active Directory. Configure AWS Client VPN.
C. Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a private VPC endpoint. Create a signed URL to allow download.
D. Migrate the files to Amazon S3, and create a public VPC endpoint. Allow employees to sign on with AWS Single Sign-On.
 
Question #24Topic 1
A legal company must communicate with the public. Hundreds of files must be publicly accessible. Anyone is banned from modifying or deleting the files before to a specified future date.

Which solution satisfies these criteria the SAFEST way possible?

A. Upload all flies to an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured for static website hosting. Grant read-only IAM permissions to any AWS principals that access the S3 bucket until the designated date.
B. Create a new Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled. Use S3 Object Lock with a retention period in accordance with the designated date. Configure the S3 bucket for static website hosting. Set an S3 bucket policy to allow read-only access to the objects.
C. Create a new Amazon S3 bucket with S3 Versioning enabled. Configure an event trigger to run an AWS Lambda function in case of object modification or deletion. Configure the Lambda function to replace the objects with the original versions from a private S3 bucket.
D. Upload all files to an Amazon S3 bucket that is configured for static website hosting. Select the folder that contains the files. Use S3 Object Lock with a retention period in accordance with the designated date. Grant read-only IAM permissions to any AWS principals that access the S3 bucket.
 
Question #25Topic 1
A corporation connects its on-premises servers to AWS through a 10 Gbps AWS Direct Connect connection. The connection's workloads are crucial. The organization needs a catastrophe recovery approach that is as resilient as possible while minimizing the existing connection bandwidth.

What recommendations should a solutions architect make?

A. Set up a new Direct Connect connection in another AWS Region.
B. Set up a new AWS managed VPN connection in another AWS Region.
C. Set up two new Direct Connect connections: one in the current AWS Region and one in another Region.
D. Set up two new AWS managed VPN connections: one in the current AWS Region and one in another Region.
 
Question #26Topic 1
A business has two virtual private clouds (VPCs) labeled Management and Production. The Management VPC connects to a single device in the data center using VPNs via a customer gateway. The Production VPC is connected to AWS through two AWS Direct Connect connections via a virtual private gateway. Both the Management and Production VPCs communicate with one another through a single VPC peering connection.

What should a solutions architect do to minimize the architecture's single point of failure?

A. Add a set of VPNs between the Management and Production VPCs.
B. Add a second virtual private gateway and attach it to the Management VPC.
C. Add a second set of VPNs to the Management VPC from a second customer gateway device.
D. Add a second VPC peering connection between the Management VPC and the Production VPC.
 
Question #27Topic 1
AWS hosts a company's near-real-time streaming application. While the data is being ingested, a job is being performed on it that takes 30 minutes to finish. Due to the massive volume of incoming data, the workload regularly faces significant latency. To optimize performance, a solutions architect must build a scalable and serverless system.

Which actions should the solutions architect do in combination? (Select two.)

A. Use Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose to ingest the data.
B. Use AWS Lambda with AWS Step Functions to process the data.
C. Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) to ingest the data.
D. Use Amazon EC2 instances in an Auto Scaling group to process the data.
E. Use AWS Fargate with Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to process the data. 

Question #28Topic 1
Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes are used by a media organization to store video material. A certain video file has gained popularity, and a significant number of individuals from all over the globe are now viewing it. As a consequence, costs have increased.

Which step will result in a cost reduction without jeopardizing user accessibility?

A. Change the EBS volume to Provisioned IOPS (PIOPS).
B. Store the video in an Amazon S3 bucket and create an Amazon CloudFront distribution.
C. Split the video into multiple, smaller segments so users are routed to the requested video segments only.
D. Clear an Amazon S3 bucket in each Region and upload the videos so users are routed to the nearest S3 bucket.
 
Question #29Topic 1
Amazon S3 buckets are used by an image hosting firm to store its objects. The firm wishes to prevent unintentional public disclosure of the items contained in the S3 buckets. All S3 items in the AWS account as a whole must remain private.

Which solution will satisfy these criteria?

A. Use Amazon GuardDuty to monitor S3 bucket policies. Create an automatic remediation action rule that uses an AWS Lambda function to remediate any change that makes the objects public.
B. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Configure email notifications in Trusted Advisor when a change is detected. Manually change the S3 bucket policy if it allows public access.
C. Use AWS Resource Access Manager to find publicly accessible S3 buckets. Use Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a change is detected. Deploy a Lambda function that programmatically remediates the change.
D. Use the S3 Block Public Access feature on the account level. Use AWS Organizations to create a service control policy (SCP) that prevents IAM users from changing the setting. Apply the SCP to the account. 

Question #30Topic 1
A company's website stores transactional data on an Amazon RDS MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance. Other internal systems query this database instance to get data for batch processing. When internal systems request data from the RDS DB instance, the RDS DB instance drastically slows down. This has an effect on the website's read and write performance, resulting in poor response times for users.

Which approach will result in an increase in website performance?

A. Use an RDS PostgreSQL DB instance instead of a MySQL database.
B. Use Amazon ElastiCache to cache the query responses for the website.
C. Add an additional Availability Zone to the current RDS MySQL Multi-AZ DB instance.
D. Add a read replica to the RDS DB instance and configure the internal systems to query the read replica.