Question #31Topic 1
Currently, a company's legacy application relies on an unencrypted Amazon RDS MySQL database with a single instance. All current and new data in this database must be encrypted to comply with new compliance standards.

How is this to be achieved?

A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket with server-side encryption enabled. Move all the data to Amazon S3. Delete the RDS instance.
B. Enable RDS Multi-AZ mode with encryption at rest enabled. Perform a failover to the standby instance to delete the original instance.
C. Take a Snapshot of the RDS instance. Create an encrypted copy of the snapshot. Restore the RDS instance from the encrypted snapshot.
D. Create an RDS read replica with encryption at rest enabled. Promote the read replica to master and switch the application over to the new master. Delete the old RDS instance.
 
Question #32Topic 1
A marketing firm uses an Amazon S3 bucket to store CSV data for statistical research. Permission is required for an application running on an Amazon EC2 instance to properly handle the CSV data stored in the S3 bucket.

Which step will provide the MOST SECURE access to the S3 bucket for the EC2 instance?

A. Attach a resource-based policy to the S3 bucket.
B. Create an IAM user for the application with specific permissions to the S3 bucket.
C. Associate an IAM role with least privilege permissions to the EC2 instance profile.
D. Store AWS credentials directly on the EC2 instance for applications on the instance to use for API calls.
 
Question #33Topic 1
On a cluster of Amazon Linux EC2 instances, a business runs an application. The organization is required to store all application log files for seven years for compliance purposes.
The log files will be evaluated by a reporting program, which will need concurrent access to all files.

Which storage system best satisfies these criteria in terms of cost-effectiveness?

A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
C. Amazon EC2 instance store
D. Amazon S3 
Question #34Topic 1
On a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances, a business provides a training site. The business predicts that when its new course, which includes hundreds of training videos on the web, is available in one week, it will be tremendously popular.

What should a solutions architect do to ensure that the predicted server load is kept to a minimum?

A. Store the videos in Amazon ElastiCache for Redis. Update the web servers to serve the videos using the ElastiCache API.
B. Store the videos in Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS). Create a user data script for the web servers to mount the EFS volume.
C. Store the videos in an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an Amazon CloudFront distribution with an origin access identity (OAI) of that S3 bucket. Restrict Amazon S3 access to the OAI.
D. Store the videos in an Amazon S3 bucket. Create an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway to access the S3 bucket. Create a user data script for the web servers to mount the file gateway.
 
Question #35Topic 1
A business chooses to transition from on-premises to the AWS Cloud its three-tier web application. The new database must be able to scale storage capacity dynamically and conduct table joins.

Which AWS service satisfies these criteria?

A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon RDS for SqlServer
C. Amazon DynamoDB Streams
D. Amazon DynamoDB on-demand
 
Question #36Topic 1
On a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances, a business runs a production application. The program takes data from an Amazon SQS queue and concurrently processes the messages. The message volume is variable, and traffic is often interrupted. This program should handle messages continuously and without interruption.

Which option best fits these criteria in terms of cost-effectiveness?

A. Use Spot Instances exclusively to handle the maximum capacity required.
B. Use Reserved Instances exclusively to handle the maximum capacity required.
C. Use Reserved Instances for the baseline capacity and use Spot Instances to handle additional capacity.
D. Use Reserved Instances for the baseline capacity and use On-Demand Instances to handle additional capacity. 
Question #37Topic 1
A startup has developed an application that gathers data from Internet of Things (IoT) sensors installed on autos. Through Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, the data is transmitted to and stored in Amazon S3. Each year, data generates billions of S3 objects. Each morning, the business retrains a set of machine learning (ML) models using data from the preceding 30 days.
Four times a year, the corporation analyzes and trains other machine learning models using data from the preceding 12 months. The data must be accessible with a minimum of delay for a period of up to one year. Data must be preserved for archive reasons after one year.

Which storage system best satisfies these criteria in terms of cost-effectiveness?

A. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
B. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class. Configure S3 Intelligent-Tiering to automativally move objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
C. Use the S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year.
D. Use the S3 Standard storage class. Create an S3 Lifecycle policy to transition objects to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA) after 30 days, and then to S3 Glacier Deep Archive after 1 year. 
Question #38Topic 1
A business requires data storage on Amazon S3. A compliance requirement stipulates that when objects are modified, their original state must be retained. Additionally, data older than five years should be kept for auditing purposes.

What SHOULD A SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT RECOMMEND AS THE MOST EFFORTABLE?

A. Enable object-level versioning and S3 Object Lock in governance mode
B. Enable object-level versioning and S3 Object Lock in compliance mode
C. Enable object-level versioning. Enable a lifecycle policy to move data older than 5 years to S3 Glacier Deep Archive
D. Enable object-level versioning. Enable a lifecycle policy to move data older than 5 years to S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
 
Question #39Topic 1
Multiple Amazon EC2 instances are used to host an application. The program reads messages from an Amazon SQS queue, writes them to an Amazon RDS database, and then removes them from the queue. The RDS table sometimes contains duplicate entries. There are no duplicate messages in the SQS queue.

How can a solutions architect guarantee that messages are handled just once?

A. Use the CreateQueue API call to create a new queue.
B. Use the AddPermission API call to add appropriate permissions.
C. Use the ReceiveMessage API call to set an appropriate wait time.
D. Use the ChangeMessageVisibility API call to increase the visibility timeout. 

Question #40Topic 1
A corporation just announced the worldwide launch of their retail website. The website is hosted on numerous Amazon EC2 instances, which are routed via an Elastic Load Balancer. The instances are distributed across several Availability Zones in an Auto Scaling group.
The firm want to give its clients with customized material depending on the device from which they view the website.

Which steps should a solutions architect perform in combination to satisfy these requirements? (Select two.)

A. Configure Amazon CloudFront to cache multiple versions of the content.
B. Configure a host header in a Network Load Balancer to forward traffic to different instances.
C. Configure a Lambda@Edge function to send specific objects to users based on the User-Agent header.
D. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Configure the NLB to set up host-based routing to different EC2 instances.
E. Configure AWS Global Accelerator. Forward requests to a Network Load Balancer (NLB). Configure the NLB to set up path-based routing to different EC2 instances.

Question #41Topic 1
To facilitate experimentation and agility, a business enables developers to link current IAM policies to existing IAM roles. The security operations team, on the other hand, is worried that the developers may attach the current administrator policy, allowing them to bypass any other security rules.

What approach should a solutions architect use in dealing with this issue?

A. Create an Amazon SNS topic to send an alert every time a developer creates a new policy.
B. Use service control policies to disable IAM activity across all account in the organizational unit.
C. Prevent the developers from attaching any policies and assign all IAM duties to the security operations team.
D. Set an IAM permissions boundary on the developer IAM role that explicitly denies attaching the administrator policy.
 
Question #42Topic 1
A newly formed company developed a three-tiered web application. The front end is comprised entirely of static information. Microservices form the application layer. User data is kept in the form of JSON documents that must be accessible with a minimum of delay. The firm anticipates minimal regular traffic in the first year, with monthly traffic spikes. The startup team's operational overhead expenditures must be kept to a minimum.

What should a solutions architect suggest as a means of achieving this?

A. Use Amazon S3 static website hosting to store and serve the front end. Use AWS Elastic Beanstalk for the application layer. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store user data.
B. Use Amazon S3 static website hosting to store and serve the front end. Use Amazon Elastic KubernetesService (Amazon EKS) for the application layer. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store user data.
C. Use Amazon S3 static website hosting to store and serve the front end. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions for the application layer. Use Amazon DynamoDB to store user data.
D. Use Amazon S3 static website hosting to store and serve the front end. Use Amazon API Gateway and AWS Lambda functions for the application layer. Use Amazon RDS with read replicas to store user data.
 
Question #43Topic 1
Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) container instances are used to install an ecommerce website's web application behind an Application Load Balancer (ALB). The website slows down and availability is decreased during moments of heavy usage. A solutions architect utilizes Amazon CloudWatch alarms to be notified when an availability problem occurs, allowing them to scale out resources. The management of the business want a system that automatically reacts to such circumstances.

Which solution satisfies these criteria?

A. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when there are timeouts on the ALB. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is too high.
B. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when the ALB CPU utilization is too high. Setup AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is too high.
C. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when the service's CPU utilization is too high. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is too high.
D. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS service when the ALB target group CPU utilization is too high. Set up AWS Auto Scaling to scale out the ECS cluster when the CPU or memory reservation is too high.
 
Question #44Topic 1
A business uses Site-to-Site VPN connections to provide safe access to AWS Cloud services from on-premises. Users are experiencing slower VPN connectivity as a result of increased traffic through the VPN connections to the Amazon EC2 instances.

Which approach will result in an increase in VPN throughput?

A. Implement multiple customer gateways for the same network to scale the throughput.
B. Use a transit gateway with equal cost multipath routing and add additional VPN tunnels.
C. Configure a virtual private gateway with equal cost multipath routing and multiple channels.
D. Increase the number of tunnels in the VPN configuration to scale the throughput beyond the default limit.
 
Question #45Topic 1
On Amazon EC2 Linux instances, a business hosts a website. Several of the examples are malfunctioning. The troubleshooting indicates that the unsuccessful instances lack swap space. The operations team's lead need a monitoring solution for this.

What recommendations should a solutions architect make?

A. Configure an Amazon CloudWatch SwapUsage metric dimension. Monitor the SwapUsage dimension in the EC2 metrics in CloudWatch.
B. Use EC2 metadata to collect information, then publish it to Amazon CloudWatch custom metrics. Monitor SwapUsage metrics in CloudWatch.
C. Install an Amazon CloudWatch agent on the instances. Run an appropriate script on a set schedule. Monitor SwapUtilization metrics in CloudWatch.
D. Enable detailed monitoring in the EC2 console. Create an Amazon CloudWatch SwapUtilization custom metric. Monitor SwapUtilization metrics in CloudWatch.
 
Question #46Topic 1
AWS is used by a business to perform an online transaction processing (OLTP) burden. This workload is deployed in a Multi-AZ environment using an unencrypted Amazon RDS database instance. This instance's database is backed up daily.

What should a solutions architect do going forward to guarantee that the database and snapshots are constantly encrypted?

A. Encrypt a copy of the latest DB snapshot. Replace existing DB instance by restoring the encrypted snapshot.
B. Create a new encrypted Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volume and copy the snapshots to it. Enable encryption on the DB instance.
C. Copy the snapshots and enable encryption using AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS). Restore encrypted snapshot to an existing DB instance.
D. Copy the snapshots to an Amazon S3 bucket that is encrypted using server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) managed keys (SSE-KMS).
 
Question #47Topic 1
A business operates an application that collects data from its consumers through various Amazon EC2 instances. After processing, the data is uploaded to Amazon S3 for long-term storage. A study of the application reveals that the EC2 instances were inactive for extended periods of time. A solutions architect must provide a system that maximizes usage while minimizing expenditures.

Which solution satisfies these criteria?

A. Use Amazon EC2 in an Auto Scaling group with On-Demand instances.
B. Build the application to use Amazon Lightsail with On-Demand Instances.
C. Create an Amazon CloudWatch cron job to automatically stop the EC2 instances when there is no activity.
D. Redesign the application to use an event-driven design with Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) and AWS Lambda. 
Question #48Topic 1
A business wishes to migrate from many independent Amazon Web Services accounts to a consolidated, multi-account design. The organization intends to generate a large number of new AWS accounts for its business divisions. The organization must use a single corporate directory service to authenticate access to these AWS accounts.

Which steps should a solutions architect advocate in order to satisfy these requirements? (Select two.)

A. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations with all features turned on. Create the new AWS accounts in the organization.
B. Set up an Amazon Cognito identity pool. Configure AWS Single Sign-On to accept Amazon Cognito authentication.
C. Configure a service control policy (SCP) to manage the AWS accounts. Add AWS Single Sign-On to AWS Directory Service.
D. Create a new organization in AWS Organizations. Configure the organization's authentication mechanism to use AWS Directory Service directly.
E. Set up AWS Single Sign-On (AWS SSO) in the organization. Configure AWS SSO, and integrate it with the company's corporate directory service. 
Question #49Topic 1
A solutions architect is developing a daily data processing task that will take up to two hours to finish. If the task is stopped, it must be restarted from scratch.

What is the MOST cost-effective way for the solutions architect to solve this issue?

A. Create a script that runs locally on an Amazon EC2 Reserved Instance that is triggered by a cron job.
B. Create an AWS Lambda function triggered by an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event.
C. Use an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) Fargate task triggered by an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event.
D. Use an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) task running on Amazon EC2 triggered by an Amazon EventBridge (Amazon CloudWatch Events) scheduled event.
 
Question #50Topic 1
A business intends to use AWS to host a survey website. The firm anticipated a high volume of traffic. As a consequence of this traffic, the database is updated asynchronously. The organization want to avoid dropping writes to the database housed on AWS.

How should the business's application be written to handle these database requests?

A. Configure the application to publish to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Subscribe the database to the SNS topic.
B. Configure the application to subscribe to an Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) topic. Publish the database updates to the SNS topic.
C. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queues to queue the database connection until the database has resources to write the data.
D. Use Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) FIFO queues for capturing the writes and draining the queue as each write is made to the database.

Question #51Topic 1
On a huge fleet of Amazon EC2 instances, a business runs an application. The program reads and writes items to a DynamoDB database hosted by Amazon. The DynamoDB database increases in size regularly, yet the application requires just data from the previous 30 days. The organization need a solution that is both cost effective and time efficient to implement.

Which solution satisfies these criteria?

A. Use an AWS CloudFormation template to deploy the complete solution. Redeploy the CloudFormation stack every 30 days, and delete the original stack.
B. Use an EC2 instance that runs a monitoring application from AWS Marketplace. Configure the monitoring application to use Amazon DynamoDB Streams to store the timestamp when a new item is created in the table. Use a script that runs on the EC2 instance to delete items that have a timestamp that is older than 30 days.
C. Configure Amazon DynamoDB Streams to invoke an AWS Lambda function when a new item is created in the table. Configure the Lambda function to delete items in the table that are older than 30 days.
D. Extend the application to add an attribute that has a value of the current timestamp plus 30 days to each new item that is created in the table. Configure DynamoDB to use the attribute as the TTL attribute. 
Question #52Topic 1
Previously, a corporation moved their data warehousing solution to AWS. Additionally, the firm has an AWS Direct Connect connection. Through the use of a visualization tool, users in the corporate office may query the data warehouse. Each query answered by the data warehouse is on average 50 MB in size, whereas each webpage supplied by the visualization tool is around 500 KB in size. The data warehouse does not cache the result sets it returns.

Which approach results in the LOWEST OUTGOING DATA TRANSFER COSTS FOR THE COMPANY?

A. Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over the internet.
B. Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse. Access it over the internet.
C. Host the visualization tool on premises and query the data warehouse directly over a Direct Connect connection at a location in the same AWS Region.
D. Host the visualization tool in the same AWS Region as the data warehouse and access it over a DirectConnect connection at a location in the same Region. 
Question #53Topic 1
A business is developing an application that is composed of many microservices. The organization has chosen to deploy its software on AWS through container technology. The business need a solution that requires little ongoing work for maintenance and growth. Additional infrastructure cannot be managed by the business.

Which steps should a solutions architect perform in combination to satisfy these requirements? (Select two.)

A. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) cluster.
B. Deploy the Kubernetes control plane on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability Zones.
C. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with an Amazon EC2 launch type. Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2.
D. Deploy an Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) service with a Fargate launch type. Specify a desired task number level of greater than or equal to 2.
E. Deploy Kubernetes worker nodes on Amazon EC2 instances that span multiple Availability Zones. Create a deployment that specifies two or more replicas for each microservice.
 
Question #54Topic 1
The following policy was developed by an Amazon EC2 administrator and assigned to an IAM group including numerous users:


What impact does this policy have?

A. Users can terminate an EC2 instance in any AWS Region except us-east-1.
B. Users can terminate an EC2 instance with the IP address 10.100.100.1 in the us-east-1 Region.
C. Users can terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is 10.100.100.254.
D. Users cannot terminate an EC2 instance in the us-east-1 Region when the user's source IP is 10.100.100.254.
 
Question #55Topic 1
The web application of a business stores its data on an Amazon RDS PostgreSQL database instance. Accountants conduct massive queries at the start of each month during the financial closure period, which has a negative influence on the database's performance owing to excessive utilization. The business want to reduce the effect of reporting on the online application.

What should a solutions architect do to minimize the database's influence with the LEAST amount of work possible?

A. Create a read replica and direct reporting traffic to the replica.
B. Create a Multi-AZ database and direct reporting traffic to the standby.
C. Create a cross-Region read replica and direct reporting traffic to the replica.
D. Create an Amazon Redshift database and direct reporting traffic to the Amazon Redshift database.
 
Question #56Topic 1
A business has implemented a MySQL database on Amazon RDS. The database support team is reporting delayed reads on the DB instance as a result of the increased transactions and advises installing a read replica.

Which activities should a solutions architect do prior to deploying this change? (Select two.)

A. Enable binlog replication on the RDS primary node.
B. Choose a failover priority for the source DB instance.
C. Allow long-running transactions to complete on the source DB instance.
D. Create a global table and specify the AWS Regions where the table will be available.
E. Enable automatic backups on the source instance by setting the backup retention period to a value other than 0. 

Question #57Topic 1
Users may get past performance reports from a company's website. The website requires a solution that can grow to suit the company's worldwide website requirements. The solution should be cost-effective, minimize infrastructure resource provisioning, and deliver the quickest reaction time feasible.

Which mix of technologies might a solutions architect propose in order to satisfy these requirements?

A. Amazon CloudFront and Amazon S3
B. AWS Lambda and Amazon DynamoDB
C. Application Load Balancer with Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
D. Amazon Route 53 with internal Application Load Balancers