Okay, hello Cloud Gurus
and welcome to this lecture.
In this lecture we're going to look at the
AWS platform from a 10,000 foot overview.
Now this is a real photo.
Most of you may or may not know this
but this is a photo that was taken in
February of 2018.
This is when Elon Musk sent his Tesla roadster to Mars.
It actually overshot Mars
and went to the asteroid belt,
and this is a Hitchhiker's Guide
to the Galaxy reference here.
You can see on the screen it says, "don't panic".
So we're going to have a look at AWS,
we're going to have a brief look at all the different
high-level services and some lower-level services.
Don't panic, because there's an awful lot of services
and you do not need to know
every single service to pass your exam.
I would wager now that there's very few people
on the planet who know every single service
in a lot of depth.
Just because there are so many,
so please do not panic.
So let's go and have a look at the AWS Console in 2015.
And this is what it looked like,
and basically when I first started recording
the A Cloud Guru lectures in 2015,
I'd go and I'd talk through every single service.
So what EC2 is, what Lambda is, what S3 is,
and the reason I did that was because
all of these services were relevant, more or less,
to the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
Let's have a look at what it looks like in 2016.
2016 - you can see that we've got more services,
so we've got things like machine learning,
we've got WorkMail, we've got a whole bunch
of new services that are being added,
like Elastic Transcoder for example.
And these services actually weren't
all that relevant to the exam,
but I'd go through and explain what they were anyway.
This is what the console looked like in 2017.
So we're getting more and more and more services,
and when I started to, you know, record my lectures
and talk about every single one of these services,
the course was getting to be about
an hour and a half long, just on this section.
And a lot of these services are no longer relevant
to the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
So let's have a look at
what the console looks like today.
So this is what the console looks like today.
Don't worry, in the next lecture
we're going to look at how you can sign up
to the console using Free Tier.
So if you haven't already signed up
I'll show you how to do that in the next lecture.
And if you want to see all the services
you can click up here and go "services".
And you can group them or you can do them from A to Z.
And if we scroll down there's an awful lot of services,
and if I was to go through and explain
what each individual service was,
let's say for 30 or 40 seconds,
the whole course is going to,
this whole section of the course is probably going to take
two and a half hours
and I'm just going to be wasting
a lot of your time, because a lot of these
lower-level services are just simply not relevant
to the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
Things like Amazon Connect, or Pinpoint,
or, let's have a look, MediaConvert
any of these media services.
DeepLens for example - none of these are relevant
to the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
So what I am going to do now is,
in this lecture anyway, is I'm just going to go through
and just talk about the high-level services.
So compute, storage, databases, migration and transfer etc.
And we're going to look at the platform
from that perspective.
And then I'm going to show you what is relevant
to the AWS Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
One other thing I will show you is, up here,
you can change what region you're in -
and we're going to have a look at what
the different regions are in a second -
and what the difference is between a region
and an availability zone.
For the rest of this course I would recommend that you use
the US East, Northern Virginia region.
The reason for that is this is the oldest region
and this is where all the new services come out first.
This is also the region that actually
goes down the most as well,
so when you're building your production workloads,
maybe use US East, Ohio, or some of the other
US West ones 'cause Northern Virginia
does go down, tends to go down once a year.
But, who knows, maybe that's all in the past.
So let's have a look at the AWS high-level services
and we'll start with the Global Infrastructure.
The Global Infrastructure is what
we've just been talking about.
It's the regions around the world in which AWS is based.
On top of the Global Infrastructure
sits a whole bunch of high-level services.
So we've got Compute - examples inside Compute
might be EC2, might be Lambda etc.
And we are going to cover those off, in the course.
Storage - we've got things like S3,
so this is where you put files into buckets.
We've got different services in there,
like EFS, for example.
Again, we're going to cover it off, in the course.
Databases - this could be relational databases, such as RDS,
this could be non-relational databases, such as DynamoDB.
Migration and transfer is a way of getting things
to and from AWS - includes things like Snowball,
which we are going to cover.
Network and Content Delivery is basically
one of the most, sort of, fundamental parts of AWS.
So things like VPCs (virtual private clouds),
as well as CloudFront, there's CDN -
we're going to cover that in the course.
Developer tools is not really relevant
for the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
It is covered, as you might guess,
in the Developer Asssociate exam.
Robotics, blockchain and satellite are all
new high-level services that were released
at Re:Invent for 2018.
Not covered in the course, I really hope
there's a robotic specialty at some point,
that would be super cool,
but it is a very, very new high-level service,
not relevant for the exam.
Management and governance we will cover,
media services we won't.
Machine learning, so this is all the, sort of, AI,
things like SageMaker, for example.
That can ... some are ... you basically just
have to be highly, sort of, aware
of the different AI and ML capabilities
for the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
They may ask you a question about one or two services,
but you don't need to know it in a lot of depth.
Where it does come up is in the new
machine learning specialty cert,
which I did actually just a couple of weeks ago
and it is super, super tough.
We've then got analytics,
we've got security, identity and compliance.
Security, identity and compliance we will cover off
in the very next section of the course
where we start to log into Identity Access Management.
We're going to start creating our users groups and roles.
We then have mobile, not really relevant.
AR and VR, so AR is augmented reality
VR is virtual reality, again, not really relevant.
Application integration as well as AWS cost management.
Cost management can be a part
of the Solutions Architect Associate exam,
it's a big part of the cloud practitioner.
We then have customer engagement, business applications,
desktop streaming, IOT and game development.
So let's go ahead and start with the fundamentals
and let's look at AWS Global Infrastructure.
So what's the difference between a region,
an availability zone and an Edge Location?
So we'll start with the Global Infrastructure.
So there's currently 19 regions
and 57 availability zones around the world
as of December 2018.
And there's going to be five more regions
and 15 more availability zones for 2019
that are currently announced.
Of course, there's going to be more.
Don't worry, you're never going to be tested on the
number of regions and availability zones.
But it is important to understand
the differences between them
and also where they are, basically.
Where's your local region?
So before we look at a region, let's look at this.
This is a data center and some of you
may have seen data centers before,
some of you may have not.
And an availability zone is essentially
just a data center.
That's what I want you to think of an availability zone as.
So an availability zone is a facility
somewhere out in the country, or it could be in the city.
And inside that facility
is a whole bunch of computer stuff.
So servers, we've got SANs,
we've got, you know, switchers
we've got firewalls, we've got load balancers,
we've got storage.
Basically, anything to do with cloud
sits inside our data centers.
So data center is just a building filled with servers,
and an availability zone is essentially a data center.
Now, an availability zone
actually may be several data centers.
But if they're really close together
they're going to be counted as one availability zone.
So one availability zone could be
two or three data centers that are all within, say,
a couple of miles of each other.
That way, if there is a flood
it might take out all three facilities.
So it might take out that availability zone,
but then you'll have another availability zone
that will be, you know, a hundred miles away.
And if that ... if it floods in one area
it's not going to affect the other area.
So you're going to have different availability zones
in different regions.
So what is a region?
A region is just simply a geographical area,
so each region consists of two or more availability zones.
So we have the London region,
we have the Northern Virginia region,
we have, you know, the Oregon region,
we have Sydney region, Singapore region,
we have the Tokyo region etc., etc.
So regions are just distinct geographical areas
and each region will always consist
of two or more availability zones.
An availability zone is simply a data center,
and a data center is simply a building
that's filled with computer stuff.
So pretty simple stuff.
So let's have a look at today's regions.
We've got North America.
North America consists of
a whole bunch of different regions.
So you've got Northern Virginia, Oregon, US West.
We've got the central region, which is Canada.
US West that I'm talking about here
is actually just for GovCloud.
So GovCloud, you can see there's GovCloud US West
and GovCloud US East.
This is for government customers only
This is not for private corporations.
So do bear that in mind.
We've then got the US East, which is in Ohio,
and we've got US West, in Northern California.
We then, down here, have a whole bunch of different
Edge Locations, and you're always going to have
more Edge Locations than you will have regions.
You might be thinking, "well, what's an Edge Location?"
Well, Edge Locations are endpoints for AWS
which are used for caching content.
So typically this consists of CloudFront,
which is Amazon's content delivery network,
and we're going to have a look at that
in the S3 section of the course.
It's a way ... let's say, you've got a big file
and you've got a user who's sitting in Sydney
and the server that they are
trying to get the file from is in New York.
Basically what happens is
that user downloads it from New York,
it is then cached inside the Sydney Edge Location,
and then if somebody else from Sydney
then tries to download that file,
they don't need to get a file from New York,
they can actually just get it
from the Sydney Edge location.
And again, I'll cover this off in more detail
when we go and do the S3 section of the course.
What's important is that you understand
that an Edge Location is not a region,
it's actually just a, sort of, a smaller location
that AWS have and it's used for caching content.
And there's always going to be more Edge Locations
than there are regions.
Currently there's over a 150 Edge Locations
around the world.
Let's have a look at South America.
We've got a region in Sao Paulo,
then we've got a whole bunch of different
Edge Locations around Rio de Janeiro
and Sao Paulo as well.
We then have the EMEA region,
so Europe, Middle East and Africa.
So we've got the Irish region,
which is one of the oldest regions inside Europe.
We've got the London region, we've got the Frankfurt region
and the Paris region.
We've got a whole bunch of new regions that are coming
in EMEA, so we've got regions in Cape Town,
in Sweden, in Italy, that are all coming online as well.
And then we have a whole bunch
of different Edge Locations there.
In APAC we've got the Singapore region,
the Tokyo region, Osaka region, Sydney region,
Seoul region, Mumbai region, Beijing region
and the Ningxia region.
And then we've got a whole bunch
of different Edge Locations as well.
So, what is it you need to know
in order to pass
your Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam?
So we had a look at all these different
high-level services.
I'm not longer going to go into
each individual service and explain, you know,
what SageMaker is, or what EC2 is,
or what Elastic Transcoder is.
We will go and explain the most
relevant services throughout the course,
that will help you pass your exam.
But we're not going to cover every single service
on the AWS platform because that would be
an entire course all unto itself.
So what is it we need to know to pass
our Certified Solutions Architect exam?
Well, why don't we just start with
what we don't need to know?
So we don't need to know developer tools,
we don't need to know robotics or blockchain,
or satellites, we don't need to know media services,
we don't need to know mobile,
we don't need to know AR and VR, application integration.
We don't really need to know cost management.
We kind of do a little bit,
but that's a bit of a touchy one so I made it fall off,
but we will cover cost control on AWS
'cause that is an important part
of being a certified solutions architect.
We don't need to worry about customer engagement,
business applications, and IOT or game development.
So these are the high-level services that you should,
you know, focus on in order to pass your exam.
And of these high-level services,
there's a bunch of core services.
And these are the bread and butter
of passing your AWS
Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
So we've got security, identity and compliance
which we're going to do
in the very next section of the course.
We have compute, we have storage, we have databases
and we have network and content delivery.
Compute is mostly just around EC2 and Lambda.
Storage is going to be all around S3.
Databases is going to be mostly DS
as well as some DynamoDB and some Redshift as well.
And I'll explain ... don't worry if all these
sound like foreign languages,
we are going to learn what they are throughout the course.
Network and content delivery is all route 53
which is Amazon's DNS service as well as VPCs
which is the way ... it's like virtual private cloud.
It's basically like a virtual data center
where you're going to build everything.
And basically, if you know route 53
and you know VPCs inside out,
you stand a very, very good change of passing this exam.
And like I said, security, identity and compliance
is going to be in the very next section.
And in particular, you need to know
Identity and Access Management inside out
to have a good chance of passing your exam.
So what are my exam tips?
So you've learnt an awful lot already.
Just understand the difference between a region,
an availability zone and an Edge Location.
A region is a physical location in the world
which combines two or more availability zones.
And so you have a London region,
you have a Sydney region, a Singapore region etc.
An availability zone is one or more discrete data centers,
each with redundant power, networking connectivity
housed in separate facilities.
And then an Edge Location is just an endpoint for AWS
which is used for caching content.
Typically this consists of CloudFront,
which is Amazon's content delivery network,
and we're going to learn about that
in the storage section of the course.
So that is it for this lecture, guys.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
If not, feel free to move on to the next lecture
where we're going to sign up to an AWS Free Tier account.