Okay, hello cloud gurus
and welcome to this lecture.
In this lecture, we're gonna go ahead
and create our first CloudFront distribution.
So this is a lab and you will need
to log into the AWS Console.
Okay, so here I am in the AWS Management Console.
The first thing I'm gonna do is just go over to S3,
and if you remember from the very start
of this section of the course,
we created this bucket and this had a picture
of me and Faye, and then my brother
and me with Jeff Barr.
So those are our two images in there.
We're going to use this bucket as our origin.
So this is what we're going to attach
our CloudFront distribution to.
So to go and get CloudFront,
it's not actually under Storage,
it's part of Networking.
So if we just scroll down
you'll see it in here,
Networking and Content Delivery,
and you'll see CloudFront in there.
So go ahead and click on CloudFront
and that will open up our CloudFront distribution.
Now, you can see straightaway
that this is a global service
so CloudFront is across the entire world.
It's not done on a regional basis.
And what we want to do is go ahead
and create our first distribution.
We have two different types of distribution.
We've got a web distribution
and an RTMP distribution.
I'm gonna go and do a web distribution.
RTMP is used for media files
using Adobe's Flash Media Server's
RTMP protocol.
Th at used to be an exam question,
doesn't seem to come up as much anymore,
but just remember the two different types of distributions.
Let's go ahead and do a web distribution.
And here we've got our origin domain name
and if you click in here, you will be able
to see all our valid origins.
And so what I'm gonna do
is I'm going to click this one,
so acloudguru-2019.
Our origin path, if you don't know
what it is, you can click in there,
but essentially if you have a directory
inside your origin, so specific directory
inside your bucket, you can specify the path.
I'm not gonna go do that.
Origin ID.
I'm going to, it's gonna set me up an origin ID.
I'm gonna leave that as default.
You can restrict your bucket access
so you can basically say that users
will always access the S3 content
using CloudFront URLs, not Amazon S3 URLs.
And that can be quite useful
when you're using signed URLs
to restrict your content.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm just gonna say No for now.
And I'm gonna leave basically everything as default.
So you can scroll all the way down.
Here's where you set your TTLs.
You've got your minimum, your maximum,
your default.
So TTL is just the time to live
for your objects in their edge locations.
We can restrict viewer access,
so we can say hey, we only want people
to be able to use signed URLs
for our CloudFront distribution.
A good example of that.
Let's say you're a media company,
maybe like Netflix, and you want to make sure
that only users who've paid for your content
are able to access it.
Just remember that going into your exam
that you can restrict access
using signed URLs or signed cookies.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'm just gonna leave, like I said,
everything as default.
You can actually put web application firewalls
in front of your CloudFront distributions.
We're gonna cover off what WAFs are
later on in this course,
but if you already know what that is,
it's basically a layer seven firewall,
so you can do that to increase the security of it.
Again, I'm not gonna do that.
I'm just gonna basically leave everything as default
and click Create Distribution.
That is gonna go and create
and deploy my distribution.
Now, this can take some time.
It can take up to 15-20 minutes,
sometimes up to an hour.
It's also similar when you go and disable it.
It takes time.
And you need to disable it before you delete it.
So I'm just gonna pause the video,
make myself some lunch
and come back when this is ready.
Okay, so it's been over an hour
and my distribution has now been deployed,
so you can see the status down here is Deployed.
And we've got the ID and we've got the domain name.
Now, this is the domain name
that we would use to connect
to our CloudFront distribution.
So what I want you to do is just copy that
into your clipboard.
I'm just gonna hit Copy.
And then we're gonna go over to Services.
We've gonna go over to S3.
And we'll be able to go into our S3 bucket
so mine one was called this.
And I'm going to type the distribution's name,
forward slash and then fayeryan-replay.jpg,
into my browser.
I'm gonna paste it in here,
then forward slash, so it's fayeryan-replay.jpg.
I'm gonna hit Enter and there we go.
It has loaded it, and it loaded it
very, very fast.
So we now know that the distribution is working
and it's loading our assets from S3.
Just gonna go back over to the AWS Console.
We go back over to CloudFront.
Again, it's always under Networking,
so here it is, CloudFront.
And we're gonna go back in
and have a look at my distribution.
Now, what you can do is you can click in here
and you can go to your distribution settings
and you can start editing your settings.
So you can change your distribution
after it's been deployed.
And what I want you to really notice
is this invalidation.
So we can go ahead and create an invalidation.
And we can invalidate individual objects
or entire directories,
or entire sub-directories,
et cetera, et cetera.
So if you did something like forward slash star
that would invalidate basically everything.
So you can invalidate a distribution
and when you're invalidating, it just means
that it's no longer going to be
on the edge locations.
So if you get a scenario question in your exam,
where you're talking about,
you know, you push out some data
and then you figure out something's wrong
and you do an update,
but it's not showing up correctly,
the way to deal with that
is to create an invalidation.
So let's go ahead and delete this distribution
'cause it's not covered in free tier,
so I'm just gonna go and hit Disable.
And hit Disable.
And that does actually also take some time.
It can take up to 15 minutes.
Once it's been disabled,
then you can click in here and hit Delete.
So do do that, don't leave the distribution.
We're not gonna need it
for the rest of this course.
So what are my exam tips?
Really you just need to understand
what CloudFront is at a high level.
You need to understand what edge locations are.
So it's the location where content's gonna be cached,
and it's very separate to an AWS region
or availability zone.
We have edge locations all over the world.
You need to understand what an origin is,
and this is basically just the source
of the files that your CloudFront distribution
will distribute.
And this can either be an S3 bucket,
can be an EC2 instance,
can be an Elastic Load Balancer,
or Route 53, et cetera, et cetera.
Then we have our distribution.
So this is just the name given to the CDN,
which is a collection of edge locations.
And our distributions can either be
a web distribution, which is the one
that we just set up,
or an RTMP distribution,
which is used for Adobe Flash Media Streaming.
And then moving on, edge locations
are not just read only.
So we saw that when we were looking
at transfer acceleration.
You can write to them, too,
so you can put an object on them.
And objects are cached for the life of the TTL,
so they're cached for the life of the time to live,
and that's always in seconds.
And like we just saw, you can invalidate
cached objects, but you are going to be charged.
So that is it for this lecture guys.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
If not, feel free to move on to the next lecture.
Thank you.


https://repost.aws/questions/QUoUZgHZh7SEWlnQUPlBmVNQ?annID=7356