Okay. Hello, Cloud Gurus
Welcome to this lecture.
In this lecture we're going to look
at cross-region replication.
So this is a lab
and you will need to log into the AWS console.
Okay, so here I am in the AWS console.
If we go over to S3, it's always under storage.
And what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead
and create our destination buckets.
So what we want to do is replicate all our objects
from this bucket, my version control demo
over to a new bucket,
and we'll put it in a different region.
So let's call it myreplicationbucket.
And then TokyoACG12345
Hopefully that will be a unique name.
And I'm going to put this in Tokyo, surprise, surprise.
And in here I'm going to untick
block all public access settings.
Cause I want to be able to see
whether or not the replication is working correctly.
And we're going to acknowledge that that's fine.
In here, bucket versioning,
I'm going to leave it as disabled
and you'll see why in a second,
we'll leave everything else as default.
And we'll go ahead and create our bucket.
So that has now created our bucket.
I'm just going to close this
and we can see our bucket in here:
myreplicationbucketTokyoACG.
If we go into our original bucket with version control.
If you remember, we've got two different versions.
We have version one, we deleted version two.
And then this is version three.
And you can see it slightly bigger
because we added the line of text.
This is the final version.
And then what we want to do
is we want to go over to management
and here we can see our lifecycle rules that we did earlier.
And if we scroll down,
we can see our replication rules under here,
and we don't have any replication rules.
So let's go ahead and create a replication rule.
I'm going to call this rule replicatetoJapan.
And here we can choose our IAM role.
If you haven't created one before,
then just go ahead and create a new role.
You can see here,
I was doing a demo a little bit earlier,
but I broke something.
So I have to redo it.
But there is a role
for cross cross-region replication in there,
but that's only because I've created it before.
So I'm just going to create a new role.
And down here, we've got our source of buckets.
So again, similarly to what we were doing
with lifecycle rules,
we can do it either to just some objects,
depending on a filter,
or we can do it to all objects in the bucket.
And that's what I'm going to do
to all objects in the bucket.
And in here, we've got our destination.
So do we want to choose a bucket in this account
or do we want to choose a bucket in another AWS account?
Let's go ahead and browse S3.
And we're going to select
our replication bucket TokyoACG12345.
And you can see here right away,
it says replication requires visioning
to be enabled for the destination bucket.
So we must have versioning turned on
in our destination bucket
in order for cross-region replication to work.
So let's go ahead and enable a bucket replication.
That can be a very popular exam topic by the way.
So do remember that going into your exams.
And here we can change the storage class
for our replicated objects.
So we can say, hey, instead of it being standard,
let's make it standard infrequently accessed,
or one zone IA or reduce redundancy or intelligent tiering
or glacier or whatever.
I'm going to do in standard IA.
Here we've got replication time control
and this basically guarantees it's going to replicate 99.99%
of your new objects within 15 minutes.
I'm going to leave that off.
And here we've got replication metrics and events,
and this basically allows you to monitor it
through CloudWatch metrics.
We don't need to do that.
We'll just leave everything as default.
We can replicate objects encrypted with AWS KMS
if we wanted,
and we can also replicate our delete markers.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to leave everything is default.
I'm going to go ahead and hit save.
And that has now created our replication rule.
So what do you think has happened to our objects
that are in our current bucket?
Do you think they've been replicated across?
So these objects here, mydocument.txt
version three and version one,
do you think they've already been replicated across
to our bucket in Japan?
Well, let's go in and have a look
and the answer is no, they haven't.
Now what happens with replication?
Cross-region replication,
is it only starts working the moment you turn it on,
it doesn't take the objects that are already in your bucket
and replicate them across when you turn it on,
it only does it for all new objects
from that point in time forward.
So do remember that going into your exam as well.
So what we want to do is we want to go in
and add a new version of our document.
So we're going to go in here
and I'm just going to go in here
and I'm going to update mydocument.txt
So I'm in mydocument.txt,
I'm going to call this version four.
I'm going to say, this is the final final version.
Go ahead and save that.
And I'm back in the console
and we're going to go and upload that file.
So let's go ahead and add that file, mydocument.txt,
You see it's version four, the final final version.
Let's go ahead and hit upload.
And that has now uploaded.
If we go in and hit exit,
we should be able to see three different versions.
So there it is.
We've got our 19-byte, 47-byte and our 53-byte file.
If we tried to click on this and have a look at it,
of course we won't be able to see it
because we haven't made it public.
Let's go ahead and make it public as well.
So if we go back in here,
we'll make this object public
and go to actions, make public and make public.
And now we should be able to see it when we go in.
So if we click on our document,
and then go over to here and click on our object,
we can now see that it is now public.
So let's see if it has a replicated across.
And do you think that,
has it replicated all the previous versions as well?
Or do you think it's just the new version
that's been replicated across to our bucket?
And also, what do you think has happened
to the public permissions?
Do you think when I changed it in the source bucket
it's changed it in the destination bucket?
Well, let's go ahead and have a look.
So we go into our destination bucket
that has definitely replicated across.
You can see it's a 53-byte file.
Let's have a look at our version history
and you can see it's only the newest version
that's been replicated across.
So it did not replicate all previous versions either.
And if we go in here and click on it,
surprise, surprise, we're not going to be able to view it,
because we haven't made it public in our destination bucket.
So we can do that if we want, but I'm not going to bother,
but I just want to show you
that if you change the permissions of an object
in the source bucket, it does not change those permissions
in the destination bucket.
So bear that in mind going into your exam as well.
And that's how cross region replication works.
And the cool thing about cross-region replication
is you can do it between buckets in the same AWS account,
but you can also do it for buckets
in different AWS accounts.
And a typical use case of where you would do this
is let's say, you've got all your log files
for, let's say like a BPC or CloudWatch or whatever,
whatever it is you're logging inside your AWS environment.
It all comes into a bucket in S3 in that production account,
you can then set up a rule
so that that's replicated across
to another AWS account in S3,
and that people in your production account can't access it
in the second account.
So you could have that as your audit account.
And then that way, if people are going in and changing logs
in the production account if something dodgy is going on,
you have a record of all the original data
in the secondary account.
And we cover that off
in the certified security specialty in a lot more detail.
So that is it for this one.
Let's go ahead and have a look at my exam tips.
And so onto my exam tips.
Remember that versioning must be enabled
on both the source and the destination buckets
in order for replication to work.
Remember that files
in an existing bucket are not replicated automatically.
And we saw that in our lab, we have to add new files.
All subsequent or updated files
will be replicated automatically.
Delete markers are not replicated,
and then deleting individual versions or delete markers
will also not be replicated.
And then just understand
what cross-region replication is at a high level.
So that is it for this lecture, everyone,
if you have any questions please let me know.
If not, feel free to move on to the next lecture,
which is on transfer acceleration.



https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication-what-is-isnot-replicated.html#replication-what-is-not-replicated

https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/implementations/cross-region-replication-monitor/

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html#s3_region

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/replication-add-config.html

https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2020/11/amazon-s3-replication-adds-support-for-replicating-delete-markers/