Exam Essentials
Know what a relational database is. A relational database consists of one or more tables.
Communication to and from relational databases usually involves simple SQL queries, such
as “Add a new record,” or “What is the cost of product x?” These simple queries are often
referred to as OLTP.
Understand which databases are supported by Amazon RDS. Amazon RDS currently
supports six relational database engines:
Microsoft SQL Server
MySQL Server
Oracle
PostgreSQL
MariaDB
Amazon Aurora
Understand the operational benefits of using Amazon RDS. Amazon RDS is a
managed service provided by AWS. AWS is responsible for patching, antivirus, and
management of the underlying guest OS for Amazon RDS. Amazon RDS greatly simplifies the
process of setting a secondary slave with replication for failover and setting up read replicas
to offload queries.
Remember that you cannot access the underlying OS for Amazon RDS DB
instances. You cannot use Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) or SSH to connect to the
underlying OS. If you need to access the OS, install custom software or agents, or want to use
a database engine not supported by Amazon RDS, consider running your database on Amazon
EC2 instead.
Know that you can increase availability using Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployment.
Add fault tolerance to your Amazon RDS database using Multi-AZ deployment. You can
quickly set up a secondary DB Instance in another Availability Zone with Multi-AZ for rapid
failover.
Understand the importance of RPO and RTO. Each application should set RPO and
RTO targets to define the amount of acceptable data loss and also the amount of time
required to recover from an incident. Amazon RDS can be used to meet a wide range of RPO
and RTO requirements.
Understand that Amazon RDS handles Multi-AZ failover for you. If your primary
Amazon RDS Instance becomes unavailable, AWS fails over to your secondary instance in
another Availability Zone automatically. This failover is done by pointing your existing
database endpoint to a new IP address. You do not have to change the connection string
manually; AWS handles the DNS change automatically.
Remember that Amazon RDS read replicas are used for scaling out and increased
performance. This replication feature makes it easy to scale out your read-intensive
databases. Read replicas are currently supported in Amazon RDS for MySQL, PostgreSQL,
and Amazon Aurora. You can create one or more replicas of a database within a single AWS
Region or across multiple AWS Regions. Amazon RDS uses native replication to propagate
changes made to a source DB Instance to any associated read replicas. Amazon RDS also
supports cross-region read replicas to replicate changes asynchronously to another geography
or AWS Region.
Know what a NoSQL database is. NoSQL databases are non-relational databases,
meaning that you do not have to have an existing table created in which to store your data.
NoSQL databases come in the following formats:
Document databases
Graph stores
Key/value stores
Wide-column stores
Remember that Amazon DynamoDB is AWS NoSQL service. You should remember
that for NoSQL databases, AWS provides a fully managed service called Amazon DynamoDB.
Amazon DynamoDB is an extremely fast NoSQL database with predictable performance and
high scalability. You can use Amazon DynamoDB to create a table that can store and retrieve
any amount of data and serve any level of request traffic. Amazon DynamoDB automatically
spreads the data and traffic for the table over a sufficient number of partitions to handle the
request capacity specified by the customer and the amount of data stored, while maintaining
consistent and fast performance.
Know what a data warehouse is. A data warehouse is a central repository for data that
can come from one or more sources. This data repository would be used for query and
analysis using OLAP. An organization’s management typically uses a data warehouse to
compile reports on specific data. Data warehouses are usually queried with highly complex
queries.
Remember that Amazon Redshift is AWS data warehouse service. You should
remember that Amazon Redshift is Amazon’s data warehouse service. Amazon Redshift
organizes the data by column instead of storing data as a series of rows. Because only the
columns involved in the queries are processed and columnar data is stored sequentially on
the storage media, column-based systems require far fewer I/Os, which greatly improves
query performance. Another advantage of columnar data storage is the increased
compression, which can further reduce overall I/O.
Exercises
In order to pass the exam, you should practice deploying databases and creating tables using
Amazon RDS, Amazon DynamoDB, and Amazon Redshift. Remember to delete any resources
you provision to minimize any charges.
EXERCISE 7.1
Create a MySQL Amazon RDS Instance
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console, and navigate to the Amazon RDS Console.
2. Launch a new Amazon RDS DB Instance, and select MySQL Community Edition
instance as the database engine.
3. Configure the DB Instance to use Multi-AZ and General Purpose (SSD) storage.
Warning: This is not eligible for AWS Free Tier; you will incur a small charge by
provisioning this instance.
4. Set the DB Instance identifier and database name to MySQL123, and configure the
master username and password.
5. Validate the configuration settings, and launch the DB Instance.
6. Return to the list of the Amazon RDS instances. You will see the status of your
Amazon RDS database as Creating. It may take up to 20 minutes to create your new
Amazon RDS instance.
You have provisioned your first Amazon RDS instance using Multi-AZ.
EXERCISE 7.2
Simulate a Failover from One AZ to Another
In this exercise, you will use Multi-AZ failover to simulate a failover from one
Availability Zone to another.
1. In the Amazon RDS Console, view the list of DB Instances.
2. Find your DB Instance called MySQL123, and check its status. When its status is
Available, proceed to the next step.
3. Select the instance, and issue a Reboot command from the actions menu.
4. Confirm the reboot.
You have now simulated a failover from one Availability Zone to another using Multi-AZ
failover. The failover should take approximately two or three minutes.
EXERCISE 7.3
Create a Read Replica
In this exercise, you will create a read replica of your existing MySQL123 DB server.
1. In the Amazon RDS Console, view the list of DB Instances.
2. Find your DB Instance called MySQL123, and check its status. When its status is
Available, proceed to the next step.
3. Select the instance, and issue a Create Read Replica command from the list of
actions.
4. Configure the name of the read replica and any other settings. Create the replica.
5. Wait for the replica to be created, which can typically take several minutes. When it
is complete, delete both the MySQL123 and MySQLReadReplica databases by
clicking the checkboxes next to them, clicking the Instance Actions drop-down box,
and then clicking Delete.
In the preceding exercises, you created a new Amazon RDS MySQL instance with Multi-
AZ enabled. You then simulated a failover from one Availability Zone to another by
rebooting the primary instance. After that, you scaled your Amazon RDS instance out by
creating a read replica of the primary database. Delete the DB Instance.
EXERCISE 7.4
Read and Write from a DynamoDB Table
In this exercise, you will create an Amazon DynamoDB table and then read and write to
it using the AWS Management Console.
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console, and view the Amazon DynamoDB console.
2. Create a new table named UserProfile with a partition key of userID of type String.
3. After the table has been created, view the list of items in the table.
4. Using the Amazon DynamoDB console, create and save a new item in the table. Set
the userID to U01, and append another String attribute called name with a value of
Joe.
5. Perform a scan on the table to retrieve the new item.
You have now created a simple Amazon DynamoDB table, put a new item, and retrieved
it using Scan. Delete the DynamoDB table.
EXERCISE 7.5
Launch a Redshift Cluster
In this exercise, you will create a data warehouse using Amazon Redshift and then read
and write to it using the AWS Management Console.
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console, and view the Amazon Redshift Console.
2. Create a new cluster, configuring the database name, username, and password.
3. Configure the cluster to be single node using one SSD-backed storage node.
4. Launch the cluster into an Amazon VPC using the appropriate security group.
5. Install and configure SQL Workbench on your local computer, and connect to the
new cluster.
6. Create a new table and load data using the COPY command.
You have now created an Amazon Redshift cluster and connected to it using a standard
SQL client. Delete the cluster when you have completed the exercise.
Review Questions
1. Which AWS database service is best suited for traditional Online Transaction Processing
(OLTP)?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
C. Amazon Glacier
D. Elastic Database
2. Which AWS database service is best suited for non-relational databases?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
C. Amazon Glacier
D. Amazon DynamoDB
3. You are a solutions architect working for a media company that hosts its website on
AWS. Currently, there is a single Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Instance
on AWS with MySQL installed locally to that Amazon EC2 Instance. You have been asked
to make the company’s production environment more resilient and to increase
performance. You suggest that the company split out the MySQL database onto an
Amazon RDS Instance with Multi-AZ enabled. This addresses the company’s increased
resiliency requirements. Now you need to suggest how you can increase performance.
Ninety-nine percent of the company’s end users are magazine subscribers who will be
reading additional articles on the website, so only one percent of end users will need to
write data to the site. What should you suggest to increase performance?
A. Alter the connection string so that if a user is going to write data, it is written to the
secondary copy of the Multi-AZ database.
B. Alter the connection string so that if a user is going to write data, it is written to the
primary copy of the Multi-AZ database.
C. Recommend that the company use read replicas, and distribute the traffic across
multiple read replicas.
D. Migrate the MySQL database to Amazon Redshift to take advantage of columnar
storage and maximize performance.
4. Which AWS Cloud service is best suited for Online Analytics Processing (OLAP)?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
C. Amazon Glacier
D. Amazon DynamoDB
5. You have been using Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) for the last
year to run an important application with automated backups enabled. One of your team
members is performing routine maintenance and accidentally drops an important table,
causing an outage. How can you recover the missing data while minimizing the duration
of the outage?
A. Perform an undo operation and recover the table.
B. Restore the database from a recent automated DB snapshot.
C. Restore only the dropped table from the DB snapshot.
D. The data cannot be recovered.
6. Which Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) database engines support
Multi-AZ?
A. All of them
B. Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, and Oracle
C. Oracle, Amazon Aurora, and PostgreSQL
D. MySQL
7. Which Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) database engines support
read replicas?
A. Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle
B. MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, and Aurora
C. Aurora, Microsoft SQL Server, and Oracle
D. MySQL and PostgreSQL
8. Your team is building an order processing system that will span multiple Availability
Zones. During testing, the team wanted to test how the application will react to a
database failover. How can you enable this type of test?
A. Force a Multi-AZ failover from one Availability Zone to another by rebooting the
primary instance using the Amazon RDS console.
B. Terminate the DB instance, and create a new one. Update the connection string.
C. Create a support case asking for a failover.
D. It is not possible to test a failover.
9. You are a system administrator whose company has moved its production database to
AWS. Your company monitors its estate using Amazon CloudWatch, which sends alarms
using Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) to your mobile phone. One
night, you get an alert that your primary Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon
RDS) Instance has gone down. You have Multi-AZ enabled on this instance. What should
you do to ensure the failover happens quickly?
A. Update your Domain Name System (DNS) to point to the secondary instance’s new
IP address, forcing your application to fail over to the secondary instance.
B. Connect to your server using Secure Shell (SSH) and update your connection strings
so that your application can communicate to the secondary instance instead of the
failed primary instance.
C. Take a snapshot of the secondary instance and create a new instance using this
snapshot, then update your connection string to point to the new instance.
D. No action is necessary. Your connection string points to the database endpoint, and
AWS automatically updates this endpoint to point to your secondary instance.
10. You are working for a small organization without a dedicated database administrator on
staff. You need to install Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise edition quickly to support an
accounting back office application on Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon
RDS). What should you do?
A. Launch an Amazon RDS DB Instance, and select Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise
Edition under the Bring Your Own License (BYOL) model.
B. Provision SQL Server Enterprise Edition using the License Included option from the
Amazon RDS Console.
C. SQL Server Enterprise edition is only available via the Command Line Interface
(CLI). Install the command-line tools on your laptop, and then provision your new
Amazon RDS Instance using the CLI.
D. You cannot use SQL Server Enterprise edition on Amazon RDS. You should install
this on to a dedicated Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Instance.
11. You are building the database tier for an enterprise application that gets occasional
activity throughout the day. Which storage type should you select as your default option?
A. Magnetic storage
B. General Purpose Solid State Drive (SSD)
C. Provisioned IOPS (SSD)
D. Storage Area Network (SAN)-attached
12. You are designing an e-commerce web application that will scale to potentially hundreds
of thousands of concurrent users. Which database technology is best suited to hold the
session state for large numbers of concurrent users?
A. Relational database using Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
B. NoSQL database table using Amazon DynamoDB
C. Data warehouse using Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
13. Which of the following techniques can you use to help you meet Recovery Point
Objective (RPO) and Recovery Time Objective (RTO) requirements? (Choose 3 answers)
A. DB snapshots
B. DB option groups
C. Read replica
D. Multi-AZ deployment
14. When using Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) Multi-AZ, how can you
offload read requests from the primary? (Choose 2 answers)
A. Configure the connection string of the clients to connect to the secondary node and
perform reads while the primary is used for writes.
B. Amazon RDS automatically sends writes to the primary and sends reads to the
secondary.
C. Add a read replica DB instance, and configure the client’s application logic to use a
read-replica.
D. Create a caching environment using ElastiCache to cache frequently used data.
Update the application logic to read/write from the cache.
15. You are building a large order processing system and are responsible for securing the
database. Which actions will you take to protect the data? (Choose 3 answers)
A. Adjust AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions for administrators.
B. Configure security groups and network Access Control Lists (ACLs) to limit network
access.
C. Configure database users, and grant permissions to database objects.
D. Install anti-virus software on the Amazon RDS DB Instance.
16. Your team manages a popular website running Amazon Relational Database Service
(Amazon RDS) MySQL back end. The Marketing department has just informed you
about an upcoming television commercial that will drive thousands of new visitors to the
website. How can you prepare your database to handle the load? (Choose 3 answers)
A. Vertically scale the DB Instance by selecting a more powerful instance class.
B. Create read replicas to offload read requests and update your application.
C. Upgrade the storage from Magnetic volumes to General Purpose Solid State Drive
(SSD) volumes.
D. Upgrade to Amazon Redshift for faster columnar storage.
17. You are building a photo management application that maintains metadata on millions
of images in an Amazon DynamoDB table. When a photo is retrieved, you want to display
the metadata next to the image. Which Amazon DynamoDB operation will you use to
retrieve the metadata attributes from the table?
A. Scan operation
B. Search operation
C. Query operation
D. Find operation
18. You are creating an Amazon DynamoDB table that will contain messages for a social chat
application. This table will have the following attributes: Username (String), Timestamp
(Number), Message (String). Which attribute should you use as the partition key? The
sort key?
A. Username, Timestamp
B. Username, Message
C. Timestamp, Message
D. Message, Timestamp
19. Which of the following statements about Amazon DynamoDB tables are true? (Choose 2
answers)
A. Global secondary indexes can only be created when the table is being created.
B. Local secondary indexes can only be created when the table is being created.
C. You can only have one global secondary index.
D. You can only have one local secondary index.
20. Which of the following workloads are a good fit for running on Amazon Redshift?
(Choose 2 answers)
A. Transactional database supporting a busy e-commerce order processing website
B. Reporting database supporting back-office analytics
C. Data warehouse used to aggregate multiple disparate data sources
D. Manage session state and user profile data for thousands of concurrent users