Summary
In this chapter, you learned the fundamentals of DNS, which is the methodology that
computers use to convert human-friendly domain names (for example, amazon.com) into IP
addresses (such as 192.0.2.1).
DNS starts with TLDs (for example, .com, .edu). The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority
(IANA) controls the TLDs in a root zone database, which is essentially a database of all
available TLDs.
DNS names are registered with a domain registrar. A registrar is an authority that can assign
domain names directly under one or more TLDs. These domains are registered with
InterNIC, a service of ICANN, which enforces the uniqueness of domain names across the
Internet. Each domain name becomes registered in a central database, known as the WhoIS
database.
DNS consists of a number of different record types, including but not limited to the
following:
A
AAAA
CNAME
MX
NS
PTR
SOA
SPF
TXT
Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and highly scalable AWS-provided DNS service.
Amazon Route 53 connects user requests to infrastructure running on AWS (for example,
Amazon EC2 instances and Elastic Load Balancing load balancers). It can also be used to
route users to infrastructure outside of AWS.
With Amazon Route 53, your DNS records are organized into hosted zones that you configure
with the Amazon Route 53 API. A hosted zone simply stores records for your domain. These
records can consist of A, CNAME, MX, and other supported record types.
Amazon Route 53 allows you to have several different routing policies, including the
following:
Simple—Most commonly used when you have a single resource that performs a given
function for your domain
Weighted—Used when you want to route a percentage of your traffic to one particular
resource or resources
Latency-Based—Used to route your traffic based on the lowest latency so that your
users get the fastest response times
Failover—Used for DR and to route your traffic from your resources in a primary
location to a standby location
Geolocation—Used to route your traffic based on your end user’s location
Remember to pull these concepts together to build an application that is highly available and
resilient to failures. Use Elastic Load Balancing load balancers across Availability Zones with
connection draining enabled, use health checks defined to ensure that the application
delegates requests only to healthy Amazon EC2 instances, and use a latency-based routing
policy with Elastic Load Balancing health checks to ensure requests are routed with minimal
latency to clients. Use Amazon CloudFront edge locations to spread content all over the world
with minimal client latency. Deploy the application in multiple AWS regions, protecting it
from a regional outage.
Exam Essentials
Understand what DNS is. DNS is the methodology that computers use to convert humanfriendly
domain names (for example, amazon.com) into IP addresses (such as 192.0.2.1).
Know how DNS registration works. Domains are registered with domain registrars that
in turn register the domain name with InterNIC, a service of ICANN. ICANN enforces
uniqueness of domain names across the Internet. Each domain name becomes registered in a
central database known as the WhoIS database. Domains are defined by their TLDs. TLDs are
controlled by IANA in a root zone database, which is essentially a database of all available
TLDs.
Remember the steps involved in DNS resolution. Your browser asks the resolving DNS
server what the IP address is for amazon.com. The resolving server does not know the address,
so it asks a root server the same question. There are 13 root servers around the world, and
these are managed by ICANN. The root server replies that it does not know the answer to
this, but it can give an address to a TLD server that knows about .com domain names. The
resolving server then contacts the TLD server. The TLD server does not know the address of
the domain name either, but it does know the address of the resolving name server. The
resolving server then queries the resolving name server. The resolving name server contains
the authoritative records and sends these to the resolving server, which then saves these
records locally so it does not have to perform these steps again in the near future. The
resolving name server returns this information to the user’s web browser, which also caches
the information.
Remember the different record types. DNS consists of the following different record
types: A (address record), AAAA (IPv6 address record), CNAME (canonical name record or
alias), MX (mail exchange record), NS (name server record), PTR (pointer record), SOA (start
of authority record), SPF (sender policy framework), SRV (service locator), and TXT (text
record). You should know the differences among each record type.
Remember the different routing policies. With Amazon Route 53, you can have
different routing policies. The simple routing policy is most commonly used when you have a
single resource that performs a given function for your domain. Weighted routing is used
when you want to route a percentage of your traffic to a particular resource or resources.
Latency-based routing is used to route your traffic based on the lowest latency so that your
users get the fastest response times. Failover routing is used for DR and to route your traffic
from a primary resource to a standby resource. Geolocation routing is used to route your
traffic based on your end user’s location.
Exercises
In this section, you explore the different types of DNS routing policies that you can create
using AWS. For specific step-by-step instructions, refer to the Amazon Route 53 information
and documentation at http://aws.amazon.com/route53/. You will need your own domain
name to complete this section, and you should be aware that Amazon Route 53 is not AWS
Free Tier eligible. Hosting a zone on Amazon Route 53 should cost you a minimal amount per
month per hosted zone, and additional charges will be levied depending on the routing policy
you use. For current information on Amazon Route 53 pricing, refer to
http://aws.amazon.com/route53/pricing/.
EXERCISE 9.1
Create a New Zone
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Navigate to Amazon Route 53, and create a hosted zone.
3. Enter your domain name, and create your new zone file.
4. In the new zone file, you will see the SOA record and name servers. You will need to
log in to your domain registrar’s website, and update the name servers with your
AWS name servers.
5. After you update your name servers with your domain registrars, Amazon Route 53
will be configured to serve DNS requests for your domain.
You have now created your first Amazon Route 53 zone.
EXERCISE 9.2
Create Two Web Servers in Two Different Regions
In this exercise, you will create two new Amazon EC2 web servers in different AWS
regions. You will use these in the following exercises when setting up Amazon Route 53
to access the web servers.
Create an Amazon EC2 Instance
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console.
2. Change your region to Asia Pacific (Sydney).
3. In the Compute section, load the Amazon EC2 dashboard. Launch an instance, and
select the first Amazon Linux Amazon Machine Image (AMI).
4. Select the instance type, and configure your instance details. Take a close look at the
different options available to you, and change your instance’s storage device settings
as necessary.
5. Name the instance Sydney, and add a security group that allows HTTP.
6. Launch your new Amazon EC2 instance, and verify that it has launched properly.
Connect to Your Amazon EC2 Instance
7. Navigate to the Amazon EC2 instance in the AWS Management Console, and copy
the public IP address to your clipboard.
8. Using a Secure Shell (SSH) client of your choice, connect to your Amazon EC2
instance using the public IP address, the user name ec2-user, and your private key.
9. When prompted about the authenticity of the host, type Yes, and continue.
10. You should now be connected to your Amazon EC2 instance. Elevate your privileges
to root by typing #sudo su.
11. While you’re logged in as the root user to your Amazon EC2 instance, run the
following command to install Apache httpd:
#yum install httpd -y
12. After the installation has completed, run the command #service httpd start
followed by #chkconfig httpd on.
13. Navigate to the EC2 instance, and type: cd /var/www/html
14. Type #nano index.html and press Enter.
15. In Nano, type This is the Sydney Server and then press Ctrl+X.
16. Type Y to confirm that you want to save the changes, and then press Enter.
17. Type #ls. You should now see your newly created index.html file.
18. In your browser, navigate to http://yourpublicipaddress/index.html.
You should now see your “This is the Sydney Server” home page. If you do not see this,
check your security group to make sure you allowed access for port 80.
Create an Elastic Load Balancing Load Balancer
19. Return to the AWS Management Console, and navigate to the Amazon EC2
dashboard.
20. Create a load balancer named Sydney, leaving the settings at their default values.
21. Create your security group, and allow all traffic in on port 80.
22. Configure health check, leaving the settings at their default values.
23. Select your newly added instance. Add tags here if you want to tag your instances.
24. Click Create to provision your load balancer.
Create These Resources in a Second Region
25. Return to the AWS Management Console, and change your region to South America
(Sao Paulo).
26. Repeat the three procedures in this section to add a second Amazon EC2 instance
and a load balancer in this new region.
You have now created two web servers in different regions of the world and placed these
regions behind Elastic Load Balancing load balancers.
EXERCISE 9.3
Create an Alias A Record with a Simple Routing Policy
1. Log in to the AWS Management Console, and navigate to the Amazon Route 53
dashboard.
2. Select your newly-created zone domain name, and create a record set with the name
A − IPv4 Address
3. Create an alias, leaving your routing policy set to Simple.
4. In your web browser, navigate to your domain name. You should now see a welcome
screen for the Sydney region. If you do not see this, check that your Amazon EC2
instance is attached to your load balancer and that the instance is in service. If the
instance is not in service, this means that it is failing its health check. Check that
Apache HTTP Server (HTTPD) is running and that your index.html document is
accessible.
You have now created your first Alias A record for the zone apex using the simple routing
policy.
EXERCISE 9.4
Create a Weighted Routing Policy
1. Return to the AWS Management Console, and navigate to the Amazon Route 53
dashboard.
2. Navigate to hosted zones, and select your newly-created zone domain name.
3. Create a record set with type set to developer. This will create a subdomain of
developer.yourdomainname.com.
4. Select your Sydney load balancer. Change the routing policy to Weighted with a
value of 50 and a type of Sydney. Leave the other values at their defaults. Click
Create. You will now see your newly-created DNS entry.
5. Create another record set with type set to developer. This will add a new record with
the same name you created earlier. Both records will work together.
6. Select your Sao Paulo load balancer. Change the routing policy to Weighted with a
value of 50 and type of Sao Paulo. Leave the other values at their defaults. Click
Create. You will now see your newly-created DNS entry.
7. Test your DNS by visiting http://developer.yourdomainname.com and refreshing the
page. You should be accessing the Sydney server 50 percent of the time and the Sao
Paulo server the other 50 percent of the time.
You have now created a weighted DNS routing policy. You can continue to experiment
with other routing policies by following the documentation at http://docs.aws.amazon
.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/routing-policy.html.
EXERCISE 9.5
Create a Hosted Zone for Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
Amazon VPC details are covered in Chapter 4, “Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon
VPC).”
Create a Private Hosted Zone
1. Return to the AWS Management Console, and navigate to the Amazon Route 53
dashboard.
2. Create a hosted zone, and enter your private domain name.
3. Select the default Amazon VPC that you used in Exercise 9.2 to deploy the first
server in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) region. Click Create. This will create a new zone
file.
Verify Amazon VPC Configuration
4. Return to the AWS Management Console, and change your region to Asia Pacific
(Sydney).
5. In the Amazon VPC dashboard, choose your Amazon VPC.
6. Click on the default Amazon VPC from the list. Ensure that both DNS resolution and
DNS host names are enabled. These settings need to use private hosted zones.
Create Resource Record Sets
7. Return to the AWS Management Console, and navigate to the Amazon Route 53
dashboard.
8. Select your newly-created private zone domain name, and create a record set.
9. Enter the name you want to give to your Amazon EC2 instance (for example,
webserver1), and select IPv4 address with no alias.
10. Enter the internal IP address of your Amazon EC2 instance that you noted in
Exercise 9.2.
11. Leave your routing policy set to Simple, and click Create.
Connect to Your Amazon EC2 Instance
12. On the Amazon EC2 instances screen, wait until you see your virtual machine’s
instance state as running. Copy the public IP address to your clipboard.
13. Using an SSH client of your choice, connect to your Amazon EC2 instance using the
public IP address, the user name ec2-user, and your private key. For example, if
you’re using Terminal in OSX, you would type the following command:
ssh ec2-user@publicipaddresshere -i MyPrivateKey.pem
14. When prompted about the authenticity of the host, type Yes and continue. You
should now be connected to your Amazon EC2 instance.
15. While you’re logged in to your Amazon EC2 instance, run the following command to
check if the host names in Amazon Route 53 are resolving:
nslookup webserver1.yourprivatehostedzone.com
16. You should receive a non-authoritative answer with the host name and IP address
for the record set that you created in Amazon Route 53.
You have now created a private hosted zone in Amazon Route 53 and associated it with
an Amazon VPC. You can continue to add instances in Amazon VPC and create resource
record sets for them in Amazon Route 53. These new instances would be able to intercommunicate
with the instances in the same Amazon VPC using the domain name that
you created.
Remember to delete your Amazon EC2 instances and Elastic Load Balancing load
balancers after you’ve finished experimenting with your different routing policies. You
may also want to delete the zone if you are no longer using it.
Review Questions
1. Which type of record is commonly used to route traffic to an IPv6 address?
A. An A record
B. A CNAME
C. An AAAA record
D. An MX record
2. Where do you register a domain name?
A. With your local government authority
B. With a domain registrar
C. With InterNIC directly
D. With the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA)
3. You have an application that for legal reasons must be hosted in the United States when
U.S. citizens access it. The application must be hosted in the European Union when
citizens of the EU access it. For all other citizens of the world, the application must be
hosted in Sydney. Which routing policy should you choose in order to achieve this?
A. Latency-based routing
B. Simple routing
C. Geolocation routing
D. Failover routing
4. Which type of DNS record should you use to resolve an IP address to a domain name?
A. An A record
B. A C Name
C. An SPF record
D. A PTR record
5. You host a web application across multiple AWS regions in the world, and you need to
configure your DNS so that your end users will get the fastest network performance
possible. Which routing policy should you apply?
A. Geolocation routing
B. Latency-based routing
C. Simple routing
D. Weighted routing
6. Which DNS record should you use to configure the transmission of email to your
intended mail server?
A. SPF records
B. A records
C. MX records
D. SOA record
7. Which DNS records are commonly used to stop email spoofing and spam?
A. MX records
B. SPF records
C. A records
D. C names
8. You are rolling out A and B test versions of a web application to see which version results
in the most sales. You need 10 percent of your traffic to go to version A, 10 percent to go
to version B, and the rest to go to your current production version. Which routing policy
should you choose to achieve this?
A. Simple routing
B. Weighted routing
C. Geolocation routing
D. Failover routing
9. Which DNS record must all zones have by default?
A. SPF
B. TXT
C. MX
D. SOA
10. Your company has its primary production site in Western Europe and its DR site in the
Asia Pacific. You need to configure DNS so that if your primary site becomes unavailable,
you can fail DNS over to the secondary site. Which DNS routing policy would best
achieve this?
A. Weighted routing
B. Geolocation routing
C. Simple routing
D. Failover routing
11. Which type of DNS record should you use to resolve a domain name to another domain
name?
A. An A record
B. A CNAME record
C. An SPF record
D. A PTR record
12. Which is a function that Amazon Route 53 does not perform?
A. Domain registration
B. DNS service
C. Load balancing
D. Health checks
13. Which DNS record can be used to store human-readable information about a server,
network, and other accounting data with a host?
A. A TXT record
B. An MX record
C. An SPF record
D. A PTR record
14. Which resource record set would not be allowed for the hosted zone example.com?
A. www.example.com
B. www.aws.example.com
C. www.example.ca
D. www.beta.example.com
15. Which port number is used to serve requests by DNS?
A. 22
B. 53
C. 161
D. 389
16. Which protocol is primarily used by DNS to serve requests?
A. Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)
B. Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
C. File Transfer Protocol (FTP)
D. User Datagram Protocol (UDP)
17. Which protocol is used by DNS when response data size exceeds 512 bytes?
A. Transmission Control Protocol (TCP)
B. Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP)
C. File Transfer Protocol (FTP)
D. User Datagram Protocol (UDP)

18. What are the different hosted zones that can be created in Amazon Route 53?
1. Public hosted zone
2. Global hosted zone
3. Private hosted zone
A. 1 and 2
B. 1 and 3
C. 2 and 3
D. 1, 2, and 3

19. Amazon Route 53 cannot route queries to which AWS resource?
A. Amazon CloudFront distribution
B. Elastic Load Balancing load balancer
C. Amazon EC2
D. AWS OpsWorks

20. When configuring Amazon Route 53 as your DNS service for an existing domain, which
is the first step that needs to be performed?
A. Create hosted zones.
B. Create resource record sets.
C. Register a domain with Amazon Route 53.
D. Transfer domain registration from current registrar to Amazon Route 53