Okay. Hello, Cloud Gurus and welcome to this lecture. In this lecture,
we're going to look at EBS volumes as well as snapshots.
So this is a lab and you will need to log into the AWS console. Okay.
So here I am in the AWS console, I'm in the Northern Virginia region.
I'm going to go over to EC2. Hopefully you remember where it is right by now,
but it is under Compute and we've got this EC2 instance that's running in here.
This is our little web server. We actually go down to volumes.
We'll be able to see the volume that it's running on,
and you can see that this volume is in US East 1d we go over to
our EC2 instance by going to the dashboard and clicking on running instances,
you'll see that the actual virtual machine as is in US East 1d,
and this is a really important topic to remember for your exam,
wherever your EC2 instance is,
the volume is going to be in the same availability zone. And that makes sense.
If you think about it, if you think about a physical computer,
you always want the hard disk drive to be as close to the motherboard as
possible.
so when you've got a virtual machine and then a virtual hot disk drive,
you want them to be in the same availability zone.
You don't want them to be in different availability zones because you're going
to have a huge amount of lag.
So just really important to remember going into your exam,
that your EBS volumes will always be in the same availability zones as your EC2
instance.
So another common scenario in your exams will be where you want to move
your EC2 instance or your EBS volume from one availability zone to another and
we'll look at how we can do that in a little bit in this lab but the first thing
I want to show you is what happens if we terminate this instance,
what is going to happen to this volume?
So let's go ahead and kill off our little web server. He's served us well.
So I'm going to go over here and go to instance state and click on terminate and
I'm going to go ahead and terminate that.
So that is now shutting down my EC2 instance, but go over to my volumes as well.
Right now it says it's in use,
but I'm just going to pause the video for a couple of minutes and see what
happens. Okay. So it's been a couple of minutes.
I'm just going to hit the refresh button,
and now you can see that it's removed that EBS volume automatically
from my volume's you know, console.
So if we go back over to EC2 let's go ahead and launch a new instance.
We're going to use the Amazon Linux 2 AMI,
and I'm going to go in and I'm going to use a T2.micro.
I'm going to leave everything else as default.
I'm going to go ahead and add my storage.
Sure. So in here we can see our storage. We've got our root device volume.
This is the snapshot of it. It's eight gigs in size.
It's using general purpose SSD. These are the defined IOPS and over here,
we can go ahead and encrypt it. We're not going to do any encryption yet.
We will cover that off later on in the course,
what we're going to do is we're going to add another three volumes.
So we're going to go in here and we're going to add cold, hard disk drive.
We're going to go in and add throughput optimized hard disk drive,
and we're going to go through and add magnetic.
So we've added different volumes.
We're going to do the default sizes and what we're going to do is a bit later on
as we're going to go through and promote one of these to provisioned IOPS on the
fly. We're not going to do any encryption note that when we're adding additional
volumes, delete on termination is not checked automatically.
so we're just going to leave everything as default and next,
go ahead and add our tags.
Let's go in and add our tags. I'm not going to add any tags.
I'm going to use an existing security group. I'm going to use my web DMZ,
which has HTTP and SSH open to the world and I go ahead and hit
review and launch and I'm going to go ahead and launch that EC2 instance.
So that will take a couple of minutes to come up.
What I'm going to do is I'm just going to pause the video while I wait for this
EC2 instance to come live. Okay so that EC2 instance is now alive,
and I've actually got a pretty cool IP address.
I've never seen a three IP address before.
So I'm going to go down and I'm going to have a look at my volumes.
So it's under the elastic block store in here.
I'm going to go ahead and click on volumes and you'll be able to see our
different volumes in here. So we've got GP2.
This is our root device volumes.
So this is where our operating system is installed. We've got ST1.
This is our throughput optimized one. We've got SC1.
This is our code hard disk drive and then we've got standard and this is our
standard magnetic volume. Remember this is previous generation.
So let's go ahead and have a look at what we can do with these volumes.
So if we go to ST1,
we can go to our actions and we can go and modify our volumes.
We can actually just go in and change the size.
So we could increase this from 500 gigs to a thousand gigs and go
ahead and hit modify and that we'll go ahead and modify the volume.
Now it says here that it may take some time for performance changes to take
effect. So it will you know,
it will impact on your performance and it may take some time for it to take
effect because it is increasing the hard disk drive of it and you also may need
to extend the operating system file system on the volume to use it.
So your operating system will only see the 500 initially of what you will might
have to go in and do is you'll have to go in and run a command and basically
repartition the drive so you'll be able to see the full 1000,
and you can actually learn about how to do that by clicking on the Linux or
windows one. Again,
it's beyond the scope of the Certified Solutions Architect course as to how to
do this.
We do cover it off in the certified Sys Ops Administrator Associate course.
However, so let's go ahead and modify this volume,
and that is now increasing this volume from 500 gigs to 1000.
Another one we'll have a look at let's go over to GP2.
So this is our root device volume and the reason you can find that it's the root
device volume is it has come from that AMI.
It's come from that Amazon machine image, the Linux, Amazon Linux 2 AMI,
and this is the snapshot.
so we were basically using Amazon snapshot of that AMI and we can go
over here and modify this volume and we can change the volume type.
We can actually go up to provision to IOPS.
So instead of staying at GP2,
we could modify it to provisioned IOPS and again,
this will affect the performance of the EC2 instance,
but notice that you don't have to go and you know,
shut it down or stop the instance or anything like that.
You can do it on the fly. So it is really, really clever technology.
So I'm just going to pause the video.
I'm going to wait for this to upgrade to provisioned IOPS,
and I'm going to wait for one of these to upgrade to 1000 gigs.
So I'm just going to pause the video now. So it's been a couple of minutes.
I'm just going to go ahead and hit Refresh, and we can see that this is now IO1,
and we can see that this is now 1000 gigs. So it took a little bit of time.
This is actually still just coming into use but it only to actually took a
couple of minutes, which is pretty amazing when you think about it,
not only are we changing the storage medium,
but we're also increasing the amount of storage available.
So it is pretty cool tech.
So one of the things a very popular exam question is let's say that you've
got your EC2 instance and your EBS volume in a particular
availability zone. So in US East 1b for example,
and you want to move it to YS East 1c how do you go about doing that? Well,
the easiest way to do that is to go into is to find your root device volume
and all your volumes, depending on the scenario question, but let's just say,
it's the root device volumes.
So you want to move this root device volume to another availability zone.
Let's go ahead and see how we do that.
So we go to Actions and we're going to go and create a snapshot and a snapshot
is exactly what you would think it is. It's basically a photograph of the disk,
and I'm going to call this my EC2 snap 2019,
something like that and then I'm going to go ahead and hit Create Snapshot and
that is now creating a snapshot and snapshots do take a little bit of time.
You can find snapshots here under EBS. If you click on there,
it sometimes won't even show up in here for a couple of minutes.
You can see that is pending. so while that is,
I'm just going to pause the video and wait for this to come back up online.
Okay so that snapshot has now been completed and you can see it in him.
Now with our snaps, what we can do is we can go ahead and create an image,
or we could create another volume.
If we create an image we can then use that image to be deployed into
other availability zones. So let's go ahead and create our own.
Image. Okay so we're going to give out image a name.
We're going to call it My EC2 Image something like that,
and you can leave everything else as default.
One thing I will point out to you though is the virtualization type.
So you've got two different types of virtualization types with AWS.
You have paravirtual or HVM virtualization. If you hover your mouse over,
you can read this. It says, when you launch an instance from an AMI,
it uses either paravirtual PV or hardware,
virtual machine virtualization HVM,
and HBM virtualization uses hardware assist technology provided by the
AWS platform.
With HVM virtualization the guest VM runs as if it was on native hardware
platform,
except that it still uses PV network and storage drivers for improved
performance, some instance type support,
both PV and HVM while others support only one or the other.
So essentially, if you are creating an image from an EBS snapshot, you want to,
and you want as many different EC2 instance types as possible,
you want to make sure that this is on hardware assisted virtualization,
and that is the default one now.
So make sure this is hardware assisted virtualization that will give you a lot
more different,
EC2 instance types to launch this image from later on.
So let's go ahead and hit create,
and let's go ahead and hit Close and once that image has been created,
we'll then be able to go and use that image to provision new EC2 instances
and we can see our images over here under AMI. So if I go in here,
we can see that image is now available,
and I can go ahead and click on that and go ahead and hit Launch and then Now
you can see all the different, EC2 instances that are available to us.
so we want to choose the T2.micro,
and I'm going to go over and hit next to configure our instance details.
If your screen looks like this, when you are trying to deploy your EC2 instance,
it means that your virtualization type was set to paravirtual instead of
HVM. So bear that in mind,
HBM will often give you much more different EC2 instance options.
So go ahead and hit Next and then what we can do is we can launch that into a
completely different subnets, okay. Go and launch it into US East 1a.
so completely different availability zone and sorry.
Sometimes I interchange sub-net and availability zone.
We will cover off what they are in the VPC section of the course, but for now,
just note that we can launch this into US East 1a.
So I'm going to go in and I'm going to add my storage at my tags.
I'm going to not do any tags. I'm going to use an existing security group.
I'm going to use my web DMZ review and launch and I'm going to go ahead and
launch that. Now you don't have to go ahead and do this.
I'm just showing you how we can migrate data from one EBS
instance or one EC2 instance in one availability zone to another.
So the first thing you do is you go ahead and do you create a snapshot.
You then turn that snapshot into an AMI,
and then you use that AMI to launch in to other availability zones.
The other cool thing you can do is of course,
copy the AMI in to different regions.
So we could go in and go here to actions and we could go ahead and hit copy
AMI and we can now move this Amazon machine image from our
destination regions, sorry, from our existing regions.
So from Northern Virginia, and we can go ahead and move this over to London,
for example,
and then we can use this image to launch our EC2 instances into the
London region. So this is a way of not only moving across availability zones,
but also a way of moving across regions and the only difference here is we're
copying the AMI from one region to another.
Once that AMI is in a new region,
we can then launch it into that region and choose any availability zone that we
want. So there's a popular exam questions that will come up in your exam.
So let's go back over to EC2, and I'm just going to go to my running instances.
We can see that we've got our two running instances. This is the new one,
the one that we just launched into US East 1a and we've got one in USD,
swampy. We go over to our volumes.
We should be able to see our new volume as well.
so we've launched this one is just on a GP2 standard.
Here's our original one, which is on provisioned IOPS.
So we learned right at the start Of this lecture.
If I go ahead and delete the EC2 instance that the root device volume is going
to be deleted as well but what about these additional volumes?
What do you think will happen if I go in and terminate those two EC2 instances,
do you think these three volumes will be terminated along with this one?
Or do you think that they will persist? And that again,
this can be a very popular exam topic. So let's go over to our,
you see two instances and we can test this.
So I'm going to go in and click in here, go to actions instance state terminate.
So we're terminating both of them and that will go in and terminate
them.
So I'm just going to pause the video and wait for this instant state to change
to terminated. So these have now changed to terminated.
Let's go over and have a look at our EBS volumes,
and you can see that these have persisted. The state has changed,
they're now available. but they have persisted on.
So when you terminate an EC2 instance by default,
the root device volume will also be terminated. However,
additional volumes that are attached to that EC2 instance will continue
to persist. So do bear that in mind.
So the next thing we want to do is just go ahead and delete these volumes.
I'm going to go in and go delete volumes and go ahead and hit Yes,
Delete and that has now deleted our volumes.
I'm going to go through and delete my snapshots and my AMI,
because I don't want to be you know, racking up charges willy nilly.
So I'm just going to go in and delete that sometimes if you do delete a snapshot
too quickly after terminating an EC2 instance, you will get this error.
So you can just come back and do that in a little bit and then in terms of my
AMI, just going to go in here and go ahead and de-registered this AMI.
so we've now cleaned it all up.
So just remember the volumes exist on EBS and just think of EBS as
a virtual hard disk drive in the cloud.
Remember that snapshots exist on S3. So when we created that snapshot,
that's going to take a photo and that photo is stored on S3 and
like I said, just think of snapshots as a photograph of the disk.
Remember that snapshots are point in time copies of volumes.
When you take that snapshot that's how that volume existed at that particular
point in time. Snapshots are also incremental.
So this means that only the blocks that have changed since your last snapshot
are moved to S3. So we went on,
if we took a snapshot and then created a new file and on that volume,
and then we took another snapshot, only the blocks, only the Delta,
the changes between the blocks would be basically replicated to
S3.
So snapshots are incremental and remember that if it's your first snapshot,
it may take some time to create now to create a snapshot for an
Amazon EBS volume that serves as a root device.
So one that you install your operating system on it's best practice to stop the
instance before taking the snapshot. So just remember that, however,
you can take a snap while the instance is running.
so you can either do it while at the instance is stopped or while it's running
and just remember that you can create AMS from snapshots as well
and you can change EBS volumes sizes on the fly and that includes
changing the size and the storage type and volumes will always be in the
same availability zone as the EC2 instance.
So you'll never have a volume in one in a availability zone and your EC2
instance in another. Then in terms of migration,
just remember that we can migrate EC2 volumes from one availability zone to
another. To do that we simply need to take a snapshot of it,
then create an AMI from the snapshot,
and then use that AMI to launch the EC2 instance in the new availability
zone. Likewise, we can move EC2 instances from one region to another,
by taking a snapshot of it creating an AMI of the snapshot and
then copying the AMI from one region to another and we then use the
copied AMI to launch the new EC2 instance in the new region.
So that is it for this lecture guys in the next lecture,
we're going to just quickly compare the different types of EBS volume types.
So we've got EBS and then we've got instant store.
so we will cover that off and then we're going to look at encryption and how we
can use encryption with EBS volumes. So if you've got the time,
please join me in the next lecture. Thank you.