Okay, hello Cloud Gurus,
and welcome to this lecture.
In this lecture, we're all going to learn
about Elastic Compute Cloud or EC2.
And so this will be a theoretical lecture.
In the rest of this section of the course
it's extremely hands-on,
we're going to be going into the AWS Console,
we're going to be provisioning EC2 instances,
we're going to be SSH-ing into them,
and we're going to be turning them into little web servers.
So you are going to learn an awful lot.
But before we do that, we should learn what EC2 is.
So what is EC2?
Well, basically, it's a web service
that provides resizable compute capacity in the cloud.
And it reduces the time that it takes
to obtain and boot new server instances to minutes,
allowing you to quickly scale capacity both up and down
as your computing requirements change.
Now I was around for ...
I've been in tech for quite a while.
And I remember a time before AWS came along
when, if you placed an order
for a web server or a database server,
they were actually physical servers.
And certainly when I worked at Rackspace,
that was definitely the case.
And it would take anywhere from 10 days to do a deployment,
sometimes up to 20 days.
And in other companies I worked for,
it'd be six months before we could deploy those resources.
And of course, when you were paying for these,
you were paying for the servers upfront.
Now, we could amortize the cost over a monthly basis,
but you still had huge capital expenditure.
And if you weren't using these web servers,
you still had to pay.
And then Amazon EC2 came along,
and you were able to provision virtual machines in the cloud
at this, like seriously, the click of a button,
and it'd be ready within a couple of minutes,
and it just changed the entire world.
So how is EC2 priced?
Well, if you've done
the Certified Cloud Practitioner course,
you'll remember in it we had a pricing section,
and we looked at a particular white paper
called AWS pricing overview.
Now, don't worry, you don't actually need
to read this white paper
for the Certified Solutions Architect Associate
but it does have a principle
that basically applies across all of AWS.
And the conclusion of the white paper says,
while the number and types of services
offered by AWS have increased dramatically,
our philosophy on pricing has not changed.
You pay as you go, you pay for what you use,
you pay less as you use more,
and you pay even less when you reserve capacity.
So EC2 has a number of different pricing models,
we've got "On Demand",
and this allows you to pay a fixed rate by the hour,
or even by the second with no long-term commitments.
So you can literally just spin it up,
have it running for a couple of hours,
and then terminate the instance.
And this is great for developers
because you can go in, test an environment, see if it works,
and then go in, shut it down.
I couldn't imagine a world where that was not possible.
Just 20 years ago, you would have to go in
and provision big physical servers,
you'd have to have the money to do it.
And it means all these little startups
that are operating on a shoestring budget
could not have taken their product to market.
So, you know, AWS has changed the world
by introducing on-demand pricing for virtual machines.
We then have reserved, and this basically provides you
with a capacity reservation,
and it offers a significant discount
on the hourly charge for an instance.
And the contract terms are one year or three years.
So this is where you're going to contract with AWS
to either a one-year or three-year term.
And the more you pay upfront,
the more you're going to save.
So we then have "Spot" instances,
and this is basically where Amazon have excess capacity.
So not everyone's using EC2 at once.
And what they do is they drop the prices
of their EC2 instances
to try and get people to use that capacity.
However, when other people are provisioning on-demand
or other EC2 instances, and they run out of capacity,
they will want that capacity back.
So the price moves around with spot instances,
it's exactly like the stock market, it goes up and down
and basically you set the price that you want to bid at,
if it hits that price, you have your instances,
if it goes above that price,
then you're going to lose your instances
within a couple of minutes.
So it moves around a lot.
And we'll look at the use cases for that
in a couple of slides.
We then have Dedicated Hosts.
These are physical EC2 servers that are dedicated to you.
And this can help you reduce costs by allowing you
to use your existing server-bound software licenses.
So if you've got some really strict licensing conditions
with Oracle, for example,
you might want to be using Dedicated Host.
Again, we'll look at the use cases to that coming up.
So we'll start with on-demand,
and on-demand pricing is useful for users
that want the low cost and flexibility of Amazon's EC2
without any upfront payment or long-term commitments.
And it's also good for applications with short-term, spiky,
or unpredictable workloads that cannot be interrupted.
And applications that are being developed
or tested on for Amazon's EC2 for the first time.
And we're basically going to be using on-demand
for the rest of this course.
So we're going to provision our EC2 instances
and then when we're finished,
we're going to go in and terminate them.
Moving on to reserved pricing.
This is useful for applications
with steady state or predictable usage,
applications that require a reserved capacity.
And users are able to make upfront payments
to reduce their total computing costs even further.
And reserved pricing comes in a number of different types.
So we've got our standard reserved instances.
And these offer up to 75% off on-demand instances,
and the more you pay upfront,
and the longer the contract, the greater the discount.
We've got convertible reserved instances.
And we're going to come to this,
but basically, the way EC2 works
is you have a virtual machine,
but you have different types of virtual machines.
So you'll have ones that are very high RAM,
with RAM utilization,
or you'll have ones that have very good CPUs,
and you can pick and choose,
and they're called "instance types."
Now with standard reserved instances,
you can't convert one reserved instance to another.
So if you get a T2, and you want to go over to an R4
or something like that, you can't do that with standard,
with convertible, you can.
So it allows you to change
between your different instance types.
We then have scheduled reserved instances.
And these are available
to launch within the time windows that you reserve.
So maybe you run a school or something like that,
and when everyone comes in at nine o'clock and logs in,
you need to scale for two hours while you do the login,
so you can actually schedule having reserved instances
to a specific time window.
So those are the three different types of reserved pricing,
So spot pricing, like I said,
this is Amazon selling off their excess capacity
at a lower rate.
So it's useful for applications
that have flexible start and end times.
So if Amazon suddenly want that capacity back
and you're not willing to pay a certain price,
what will happen is those EC2 instances will be terminated.
So it's useful for applications
that are only feasible at very, very low compute prices.
And it's useful for users with urgent computing needs
for large amounts of additional capacity.
And then finally we have our Dedicated Host pricing.
And that's useful for the regulatory requirements.
So it might be that the government says
that you cannot support multi-tenant virtualization,
you have to use a Dedicated Host.
It's also great for licensing,
which does not support multi-tenant virtualization
or cloud deployment.
So if you've got some really harsh Oracle licensing,
for example, you might want to use Dedicated Hosts.
And it can also be purchased on-demand,
so you can actually pay for your Dedicated Host by the hour.
And they can be purchased as a reservation as well
for up to 70% off of the on-demand price.
So I mentioned before
that we have all these different EC2 instances.
So these are all the available instances today.
Now don't worry, you're never going to be tested
on a particular type of instance, certainly not
in the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
Where you will start getting this
is at the professional level.
They'll give you a bunch of scenario questions
and then they'll ask you
what type of instance would best suit your needs.
Okay, so let's run through these.
We'll start with F1,
so this is for Field Programmable Gate Arrays.
And the use cases for this
is things like genomic research, financial analytics,
real-time video processing, big data, etc.
If you don't know what FPGA is, go ahead and look it up.
It's really interesting stuff.
Effectively it allows the chips to be reprogrammed
after being manufactured.
So they're rewired in a sense,
but it's completely beyond the scope of this course.
But it is interesting tech.
Moving on to I, so we've got the I3s.
These are high-speed storage.
And these are used for things like NoSQL databases,
data warehousing, etc.
We then got G3s, these are graphics-intensive,
and these are used for things like video encoding,
3D-application streaming, etc.
We've got H1s, these are high disk throughputs,
useful for things like MapReduce-based workloads,
distributed file system such as HDFS and MapR-FS.
We then have T3s, these are our lowest-cost,
general-purpose instances.
And we're going to be using the T3s
throughout the rest of this course.
And typically the use case for that
is web servers, small databases, etc.
We've got D2s, these are dense storage.
These are used for file servers,
data warehousing and Hadoop.
We've got R5, these are memory optimized
and these are useful for memory-intensive apps or databases.
We then have M5, this is for general-purpose use,
and typically use this for application servers.
C5, these are compute-optimized,
and these are going to be useful
for CPU-intensive applications and databases.
Got our P3s, these are graphics or general-purpose GPUs.
These are good for things like machine learning
or Bitcoin mining, etc.
We then got our X1, these are memory-optimized,
and these are useful for things like SAP HANA,
Apache Spark, etc.
We then have our Z1D, these are high-compute capacity
and high-memory footprint
and they're ideal for electronic design automation, so EDAs,
and certain relational database workloads
with high per-core licensing costs.
We then have our A1s, these are ARM-based workloads.
And this is useful for scale-out workloads
for things like web servers.
ARM is just basically a cheaper type of CPU,
so it's useful for ARM-based workloads.
We then have our U-6tb1, and these are used for bare metal.
So don't worry, you don't need to understand
what each instance is and does
for the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
When you do go on to do DevOps Pro or SA Pro,
you will have to understand this a little bit better.
It is good to learn it now, though.
And to help you learn, I've just made a mnemonic.
So there's been so many mnemonics over the years,
but this year for the 2019 mnemonic,
we've got F for FPGA, I for IOPS, G for graphics,
H for high disk throughput, T for general purpose,
so think of a T2 or T3 micro, D for density, R for RAM,
M which is the main choice for your general-purpose apps,
C for compute, P for graphics, so think pics,
X for extreme memory, Z for extreme memory and CPU,
A for ARM-based workloads and U for bare metal.
So how are you going to remember that?
Well, it's Fight-Dr-McPx-Z AU.
So here is Dr-McPx-Z, you can tell that she's a doctor
because she's got a stethoscope.
She's from Scotland
because she's wearing the tartan, you know, sort of clothes,
so that's Mc,
she's a pixie [Pix-Z],
so you can clearly see the pixie with the wings,
and then I did AU, so AU could either be Austin
or it could be Australia,
it's whatever you want to use to remember AU.
Our offices are in both Austin, Texas,
as well as in Melbourne, Australia.
So maybe that's the way you remember it,
the A Cloud Guru offices.
So you're going to go with fight this Dr-McPx-Z
in Australia or in Austin.
So that's how you can remember
all the different instance types.
Like I said, it's not really important
for the Certified Solutions Architect Associate exam.
It is important when you go on and do the professionals.
And I will just say one thing,
these numbers here will change throughout the year.
Again, you don't need to remember the numbers
or anything like that.
So an F1 might become an F2 or an R5 might become an R6,
but it doesn't matter,
the numbers are basically just the generation.
So this is the fifth generation
of the memory-optimize instance.
So on to my exam tips.
So the first one is, just remember what EC2 is.
It's virtual machines in the cloud.
It's a web service that provides resizable compute capacity.
And Amazon EC2 reduces the time required
to obtain and boot new servers instances to minutes
from ... previously from days or even months
depending on where you worked,
allowing you to quickly scale capacity
both up and down as your computing requirements change.
So remember what EC2 is.
And we're going to spin up a EC2 instance
in the very next lecture.
Remember the different pricing types.
So we've got On Demand, we've got Reserved,
we've got Spot and we've got Dedicated Hosts.
On Demand's where you pay an hourly or by-second rate,
Reserved is basically
where you sign a one- or three-year contract,
and the more you pay upfront, the better discount you get.
Spot moves around like the stock market,
and really just depends on Amazon's own supply and demand.
And then we've got Dedicated Hosts,
and this is where you get a dedicated physical machine
to you and you can also, again,
pay for that on-demand as well.
And then just remember that if you've got a spot instance
that has been terminated by EC2,
you're not going to be charged for a partial hour of usage.
However, if you go in and terminate that instance yourself,
you will be charged for the hour
in which the instance ran.
That can be a popular exam question.
And like I said, you don't really need to know
all the instance types
for the Solutions Architect Associate.
It can be helpful later on when you go and do the Pro.
is just Fight-Dr-McPx-Z in Australia or in Austin.
So there's Dr-McPx-Z, we're going to go and fight her
in Australia or Austin.
It's silly, I know, but it really, really does help you
remember all the different instance types.
So that is it for this lecture, everyone.
In the next lecture, we're going to go in,
get our hands dirty
and provision our first EC2 instance.
So if you've got the time,
please join me in the next lecture, thank you.





https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/