Okay, hello Cloud Gurus
and welcome to this lecture.
In this lecture we're going to talk about
Encrypted Root Device Volumes.
So root device volume is basically
just the hard disk that has
your operating system on it,
so it's that EBS volume that has
your operating system on it,
and it used to be that you couldn't
actually encrypt that when you first
provisioned your EC2 instance.
And this was always a very popular exam topic,
because it would ask you how to go in
and encrypt it.
And what you used to have to do,
is basically, provision your EC2 instance
with an unencrypted root device volume,
you then had to take a snapshot,
you then had to make a copy of that snapshot
and when you were making that copy,
then you could encrypt it
and then, basically, you provision an AMI
from that snapshot and then you could launch
encrypted root device volumes.
So it was a bit of a process to go through
and that's why it was quite a popular exam topic.
AWS have completely changed all this now
and you can provision root device volumes immediately,
when creating an EC2 instance.
So we're going to look at how we can
do that in this lab
and we're also going to look at
if you do have unencrypted volumes
how you can go in and encrypt them as well.
So this is a lab and you will need
to log in to the AWS console.
Okay, so here I am in the AWS Management Console.
Let's go over to "Services"
and we'll go over to "EC2"
and we'll see in here I've got
no running instances, I've just terminated one.
Let me go ahead and launch an instance,
I'm going to use an Amazon Linux 2 AMI.
I'm going to use a t2.micro.
I'm going to leave everything as default
and go and add my storage.
Now in here, this is our root device volume
and you can see that it's on General Purpose SSD
and in here, our encryption,
this used to never be an option.
So you never used to be able to change this.
Now you can change this and you can go ahead
and create an encrypted volume
right from the start.
So that is an important new feature of EBS.
I'm not going to do that for now,
because I want to show you a way
of encrypting your volumes if you create
a volume that's unencrypted to begin with.
So let's go ahead and add our tags
and we'll add a tag, we'll just give this a name
as "Unencrypted ...
"Root Device Volume,"
something like that.
And, yes, I did spell "encrypted" wrong
and so there we go
and we'll go over and add to our security group.
So we're going to add this into
our WebDMZ security group.
Go ahead and hit "Review" and "Launch."
And I'm going to go ahead and launch that.
Now, we're not going to log into this
or do anything to this EC2 instance,
other than play with it in the console.
So I'm just going to pause the video
and wait for this instance to come up online.
Okay, so that EC2 instance is now live
and if we go over to "Volumes"
under "Elastic Block Store,"
we an see it in here and you can see
that this isn't encrypted.
So if we did want to encrypt this
all we need to do is go over to our "Actions"
and what we want to do is create
a snapshot of this volume.
And I'm going to call it
"MyUnencrypted Snap."
And we're going to go ahead and hit "Create Snapshot."
And I'm just going to pause the video
and wait for this snapshot to come live,
so I'm just going to pause the video here.
Okay, that is now live and if we look
under "Encryption" here we can see
that it is not encrypted.
We can click in here and what we can do
is go over to our "Actions" and go over to "Copy."
And then when we're copying,
we can say, "Hey, encrypt this snapshot."
And it'll ask us what key that we want to use,
so I'm just going to use my standard EBS key
and then in here is our description,
so I might just change this to "Encrypted"
and then "Snap."
And then I'm going to go ahead and hit "Copy."
So now we're creating a copy of our snapshot
and we are changing it from being unencrypted
to being encrypted in here.
I'm just going to pause the video
and wait for this to come back up online.
We can see in here that that is now live
and it is encrypted.
The next thing we want to to is go ahead
and create an image of this.
I'm going to call it "MyEncrypted ...
... EncryptedImage."
And we're going to go ahead and hit "Create."
That is then going to create an encrypted AMI
and then we can use that AMI to launch
encrypted EC2 instances.
So that's how you take an unencrypted
root device volume and you basically create
a snapshot of it.
You then copy the snapshot and enable encryption.
You then create a AMI from that snapshot
and then you can launch that EC2 instance
as an encrypted, you know, root device volume.
So that could come up in the exam
if they say, "Hey you've already got, you know,
"you've got an unencrypted root device volume
"you need to encrypt it, how do you do it?"
That's the process, but what it ...
Like I said, it used to be that you couldn't
have encrypted root device volumes
and it was a very popular exam topic,
as to how to go and encrypt them.
Now you can encrypt them just by launching
an encrypted root device volume.
So just be aware of that going into your exam.
Just going to wait for this AMI to come live now.
My apologies, it already is live.
So what we could do is we could go ahead
and hit "Launch."
And we could go ahead and launch this
as an EC2 instance
and you'll see that it is already encrypted by default.
If you click in here and go "Not Encrypted,"
you'll see it's giving you a warning message
and it's saying, "Well, it needs to be encrypted,
as the selected snapshot is encrypted."
So you can't take a snapshot that's encrypted
and then launch it as an unencrypted volume, either.
So I'm not going to go ahead and do that.
We're just going to go ahead and "Cancel."
Feel free to go in and delete that instance,
as well as going in and deleting
the snapshot and the AMI.
And let's go on to my exam tips.
So, just remember that snapshots
of encrypted volumes are encrypted automatically.
So if you do take a snapshot
of an encrypted volume it's going to
be encrypted automatically.
Volumes restored from encrypted snapshots
are encrypted automatically, as well.
You can share snapshots,
but only if they are unencrypted.
And these snapshots can also be shared
with other AWS accounts, or made public,
but they have to be unencrypted.
And you can now encrypt root device volumes
upon the creation of an EC2 instance.
If, for some reason, you didn't do that
and you had an unencrypted root device volume,
the process for making it encrypted
is to create a snapshot
of the unencrypted root device volume.
You then need to create a copy of the snapshot
and select the "Encrypt" option.
You then need to create an AMI
from the encrypted snapshot
and then you use that AMI to launch
new encrypted instances.
So that is it for this lecture, everyone.
If you have any questions please let me know.
If not, feel free to move on to the next lecture.
Thank you.



https://aws.amazon.com/articles/public-ami-publishing-hardening-and-clean-up-requirements/

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/building-shared-amis.html