Okay.
Hello Cloud Gurus and welcome to Part 2 of launching our first EC2 instance.
Let's go back over to the AWS console. Okay,
so here I am in the AWS console. I'm in EC2. Down here,
we can see all the details about our EC2 instance so we can see which key pair
it's using. So it's using my us-east-1 key pair.
We can also scroll down and we can see that termination protection is turned on.
This is a true value.
We can see a whole bunch of different stuff including our IP address.
Your DNS address, your public DNS address, you can use this,
this URL and you'll still be able to browse to the Hello Cloud Gurus
webpage. In here we've got our status checks.
This comes up a lot in the SysOps Administrator Associate.
You've got a system status check. This is checking the underlying hypervisor.
So it's checking actual physical machine and then we've got our instance status
check. This is actually going and checking the EC2 instance itself.
You can hold over here and have a read of it by holding your mouse over the
little eye symbol and here we've got our monitoring.
Now we are going to do CloudWatch later on in this section of the course.
We can turn detailed monitoring on for this EC2 instance and here we can
see our CPU utilization, we can see our network,
we can see a different disk utilization, status checks,
et cetera,
et cetera and we are going to go in and create our own CloudWatch metrics and
dashboards later on in this section of the course and then here we've got our
tags and this is what we set up when we first provisioned
this EC2 instance. Now I can go up here and I can do different actions.
I can go in and stop my instance. I could go in and try and terminate it,
but you see here,
I can't click this button and that's because termination protection is turned
on. If I wanted to turn it off, I just need to go over to my instance settings.
In here we can see,
we can do a whole bunch of different stuff so we can add or replace roles.
We can change our termination protection. I'm going to go ahead and hit 'yes,
disable'.
I'm now able to go in and go 'terminate' and if I click this button here,
it will terminate that EC2 instance.
I'm going to leave it running so that we don't have to keep provisioning EC2
instances. There is a couple more things I want to show you though.
So over here we've got different things that we can do.
We've got our spot requests, we've got our reserved instances, dedicated hosts,
scheduled instances, and then capacity reservations.
If I click on reserved instances,
I can go in and start to purchase my reserved instances and you can go through
and have a look at the different types. So you could say you want Linux,
you want a standard tenancy. In here you could say, I want a T2.micro,
you know, super large, whatever. Let's go T2 small. Term,
let's go straight for the 12 to 36 months. Let's go payment option, all upfront,
and then you could go and hit search and that will show you these different
instances. You can then go and add these to your cart.
So if you're basically purchasing a T2.small for 36 months,
effectively it's going to be $229.
And that's going to that's a pretty good rate, when you think about it,
for a virtual machine in the cloud for three years - you're going to only pay
300 bucks or less than 300 bucks, 229.
So that's how you go and purchase reserved instances.
Let's go back over to the EC2 dashboard and I'm just going to go ahead and hit
launch instance and I just wanted to show you some more things.
So we're going to launch an Amazon Linux 2 AMI,
we're going to leave it as default and we're going to leave this as default.
So in here,
this is where we add our storage and we've got our root device volumes.
So that's our volume type and our root device volume,
like I said in the last lecture,
simply means where our operating system is going to be installed.
So where are we installing Linux or where are we installing Windows on our C
drive? So that's all a root device volume is. In here we can see the size,
so it's going to be 8GB. In here we've got the volume type.
Now there's only three different volume types in here for our root device
volume. We've got general purpose one, GP2.
So this is general purpose SSD. We've got provisioned IOPS,
or IO1 and then we've got magnetic.
So these are our two SSD volumes that we can have and then we've also just got
standard magnetic in here. In here we've got our IOPS.
So if we were to use provisioned IOPS, we would start at 400 IOPS.
If we were to use general purpose,
it's going to have a baseline of 3 IOPS per gig,
with a minimum of 100 IOPS and burstable up to 3000 IOPS and if you haven't
heard the term IOPS before, it just means it just means Input Output Per Second
and essentially it's how fast your hard disk drive is.
In here we've got 'delete on termination'.
So if we were going to delete our EC2 instance,
are we going to delete the root device volume along with it? Well,
yes we are and in here we've got encryptions so it used to be that you couldn't
encrypt a root device volume right from the get go.
You can definitely do it now. So do remember that going into your exam.
You can encrypt your root device volumes. In here we can add a new volume.
So we've got our volume types, so we've got EBS volumes.
In here we can adjust the size.
Note that the volume type now changes.
So we've actually got five different volumes.
We've still got our general purpose SSD, our provisioned IOPS SSD,
and our magnetic standard. We have two additional volumes.
We've got our cold hard disk drive and then we've got our throughput optimized
hard disk drive and this might be useful for things like data warehouses,
et cetera and cold hard disk drive is just our very cheapest form of storage and
we are going to cover off all the different volume types later on in the course.
So you might want throughput optimized and you might want that at 500GB
and that will then tell you the throughput in megabits per second in here.
So we get between,
basically 500 megabits per terabyte. So because we've only got 500GB,
we're going to be looking,
between 20 to 123 megabits per second.
Note that 'delete on termination' is not automatically ticked for your
additional volumes.
So if you went in and provisioned this EC2 instance and then terminated it,
it would delete the root device volume,
but it wouldn't delete any of your additionally attached volumes
to that EC2 instance. And again, you can also add encryption in here.
So I'm just pointing out this now,
if you do hear me say in the course later on that root device volumes cannot be
encrypted, that's no longer the case. They definitely can be encrypted.
It is a popular exam topic now.
We will look later on in the course as to how we can take
a un-encrypted root device volume and go ahead and encrypt it.
There is a process that you have to go through and it becomes a very popular
exam topic,
both for EC2 as well as RDS and we will cover that off later on in the
course. Let's go ahead and have a look at my exam tips.
So my exam tips,
just remember that termination protection is turned off by default,
so you must turn it on. When it's turned on,
you can't go in and automatically or accidentally terminate your EC2 instances.
Remember that on an EBS backed instance,
the default action is for the root EBS volume to be deleted when the
instance is terminated. So if you go in and terminate your instance,
it's going to delete the root device volume,
but any additional volumes by default won't be deleted.
So that can be a thing that comes up in the exams a lot. Also,
remember that EBS root volumes of your default AMIs can now be
encrypted.
You can also use third party tools such as BitLocker for Windows to encrypt the
root device volume.
Or it can be done when creating the AMIs and we're going to show you how to do
this in a lab.
You can also do it using the AWS console or using the API.
So we do have a lab coming up,
which will show you how to take an unencrypted root device volume and go through
a process to encrypt that. And that, again,
is a very popular exam topic but like I said,
just remember that your EBS root volumes for your
Amazon AMIs can now be encrypted as well and also remember that you
can take additional volumes and encrypt them as well.
So that is it for this lecture, everyone.
You have learnt an awful lot about EC2 so far.
I hope you had lots of fun logging into your first EC2 instance.
In the next lecture, we're going to look at security groups.
Security groups are basically just virtual firewalls that control traffic to our
EC2 instances. So if you've got the time, please join me in the next lecture.
Thank you.






https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-lifecycle.html