Okay. Hello Cloud Gurus and welcome to this lecture.
In this lecture we're going to learn about S3 security as well as encryption.
So we learned in the last lecture that by default all
buckets, when we create them are private,
and that was those four little checkboxes and you can set up access
control to your buckets using bucket policies and access control lists.
Now bucket policies work at a bucket level.
Whereas access control lists go all the way down to individual objects and S3
buckets can be configured to create access logs,
which logs all the requests made to your S3 bucket.
So if someone tries to access an object that is going to be logged,
and this can be sent to another bucket or even another bucket in another
account. So if you want to log, who's accessing your objects in your S3 bucket,
you can definitely do that
and you can store those logs in an S3 bucket in your primary AWS account,
or you can actually set it up in a different AWS account and so
this is really,
really important to understand the two different types of encryption because you
will be tested on this in the exam. So there's encryption in transit.
Now whenever you go and visit a website, if you're going to
HTTPS, it means that the traffic is going to be encrypted in transit.
So basically between your computer and the server,
that traffic is encrypted,
no one who's eavesdropping on that will be able to break it and understand what
you're looking at and that's why we use HTTPS.
So encryption in transit is always achieved by SSL or TLS as it's
also referred to. So that's whenever you're browsing using HTTPS,
that is encryption at transit.
Encryption at rest is where we encrypt the data that's being stored.
So let's say we have a word document being stored on a hard disk drive.
If there's no encryption at risk and somebody steals that hard disk drive,
they will be able to access that word document.
So I'm talking about encryption at rest in terms of the way it works with S3.
There's two different ways that we can do this. We can do it on the server side,
or we can do it on the client side.
The server side is where Amazon helped you encrypt the object and on the
client's side, it's where you encrypt the object and then upload it to S3.
So let's look at it on the server side and there's 3 different types.
There's S3 managed keys.
This is where Amazon manages the keys for you automatically.
So you don't need to worry about the keys at all. When we talk about keys,
a key is just a way of encrypting the object and then decrypting it.
So it's just like you would use a key with a lock.
So this is where Amazon manage all the keys. so that's S3 managed keys.
It's sometimes referred to as SSE-S3,
which is server side encryption S3. We then have AWS key management service.
This is where you and Amazon managed the keys together and this is called
managed keys server-side encryption with KMS and then we have
server-side encryption with customer provided keys.
This is where you actually give Amazon your own keys that you manage and you
can encrypt your S3 objects doing that as well and then, like I said,
you can actually encrypt the object yourself on the client side.
So you might do this on your your Mac or your PC or whatever,
and then you upload that object to S3.
So there's four ways of really doing encryption there's server side encryption.
So we've got SSE-S3, SSE-KMS,
and SSE-C customer managed keys or customer provided keys and then we also
have encryption using client side encryption,
where you basically encrypt the object and then upload it to S3.
So let's go ahead and have a look at how we can do this in the AWS console.
Okay. So here I am in the AWS management console,
and what we're going to do is we're going to go over to services and we're going
to go over to S3, which is under storage,
and then what we're going to do is we're going to look at our bucket that we
created when we first created our bucket. so it's called Ryan and Faye 123456.
Let's go ahead in there and we'll see our two objects that we uploaded.
So let's start with reinvent 2019. How can I make this object encrypted?
Well, all I have to do is click on it,
and if I scroll down all the way to the bottom we'll be able to see server side
encryption settings.
So right now the default encryption is disabled and there's no server side
encryption, but go ahead and hit edit. I can enable server side encryption.
We have two different types of encryptions. We've got, um in terms of the key,
we've got Amazon S3 key. This is where Amazon manage the keys they create,
manage, and use it for us, AWS KMS,
which we'll cover off later on in this course,
this is where the encryption key is basically managed by yourself.
We're going to use AWS our SSE-S3 keys,
the Amazon's S3 key, and we're going to go ahead and hit save,
and we can now see that that object has now gone ahead and become encrypted.
So if we were to do an object overview and scroll down,
we'll be able to see decryption default encryption is enabled and it's using an
Amazon master key. So if we go back over to our bucket,
we've got another object in here called RyanandFaye.jpg.
We could go in and encrypt that individually,
but that's not really very efficient.
What we might want to do is encrypt the entire bucket.
So we can do that by clicking on properties,
going over to our default encryption and hit Edit and then in here,
we're going to enable server side encryption,
and we're going to do it using the Amazon S3 key, or SSE-S3
and we're going to go ahead and hit save and now every object that we put in
this bucket is going to be encrypted because the bucket itself is encrypted.
So we've turned on encryption for the entire bucket,
and we're using the Amazon S3 master key. So going into your exam,
just remember that you can encrypt individual objects,
but you can also encrypt your objects at a bucket level,
which is much more efficient. So that's it for this lecture everyone,
if you have any questions, please let me know. If not,
feel free to move on to the next lecture. Thank you.



https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-prevent-uploads-of-unencrypted-objects-to-amazon-s3/