Okay, hello Cloud Gurus
and welcome to this lecture.
In this lecture we are going to look at Security Groups.
So this is a lab
and you will need to log in to the AWS console.
Okay, so here I am in the AWS console.
We're going to go to EC2 which is under "Compute,"
and we're going to click in here and
we'll be able to see our instance.
Now, if we click on our instance and grab our
public IP address, we can go ahead and load our web page.
So, I want you to navigate over to your public IP address
and load your web page.
Okay, so here I am in my browser,
I'm just going to paste it in here.
And you can see straight away it says "Hello Cloud Gurus."
So we go back over to EC2,
just going to maximize the screen.
The reason we're able to browse to our web page
is we've enabled port 80 on our security group.
Port 80 is just the HTTP port
and you can see your security groups
just by scrolling down here.
There's always going to be in the description.
So here's my security group here.
I can actually click in here and view my Inbound rules.
We can see here that
port 80 and port 22 are open to the world
and that my security group is called WebDMZ.
So let's go over and edit our security groups.
So it's here under "Network and Security,"
you can see Security Groups.
And in here you are able to create security groups,
delete security groups, edit security groups, etc.
So go over to our WebDMZ,
I'll just make this a bit bigger so you can all see.
You've got our description in here
and it is basically just the name of our security group,
the ID of it and then the description
and then which vpc it's in.
And then if we click in here, we've got our Inbound rules.
So we have opened up HTTP on port 80
and we have done this to 0.0.0.0/0, so this is IPv4,
we've also done this on IPv6 and
we've also done SSH on port 22 to IPv4.
So if I go ahead and delete this rule,
what if I go in and edit and delete my two port 80 rules
and hit "Save," what do you think is going to happen?
How quickly do you think this is going to take effect?
If I go back over to my browser,
I click in here and hit refresh,
and you can see down here it says connecting.
It's going to hang for about a minute
and then it's going to time out.
So every time you make a rule change on a security group,
that change takes effect immediately.
And that can be a really popular exam question,
going into your exams.
So that took just over 60 seconds,
but you can now see that it has timed out.
So by deleting that rule in the security group,
the change took effect immediately
and I now cannot access the website.
If I go back to the AWS management console,
I can go in here and I can go "Add Rule"
and we're going to go in and "Add HTTP"
and we're going to do it for port 80
and by default we're going to open it up
to both IPv4 and IPv6
and hit "Save."
And if we scroll down we can now see that
that rule has taken effect on our WebDMZ.
Sorry, I'll just click in here,
so you can see it in here now.
I'll just full-screen this so it is easier to see,
so now you can see HTTP and HTTP on IPv4 and IPv6.
And if just go over to my other browser,
that is now loading immediately, so "Hello Cloud Gurus."
So we've learned that if you make a change
to a security group, that change takes effect immediately.
Let's have a look at our Outbound rules,
so in here we have an Outbound rule of all traffic.
A protocol for everything, port for everything,
destination to everything.
What would happen if we go and delete this,
would that delete all our Outbound traffic?
Would we suddenly be able to send a request
to our EC2 instance but nothing will then come back out?
Let's go and test that,
I'll just come out of full screen
and in here if I hit "Refresh."
And you can see that it loads immediately.
So by deleting that rule, nothing happened.
And the reason for that is security groups are stateful.
So essentially when you create an Inbound rule,
an Outbound rule is created automatically.
So if you allow HTTP in,
it is automatically allowed out as well.
If you allow RDP in or if you allow SSH
or you allow MySQL in,
it's automatically going to be allowed back out.
Now, when we get to the VPC section of the course,
you're going to learn about network access controllers
or NACLs, as we like to call them, and those are stateless.
So when you create an Inbound rule,
you also have to create an Outbound rule as well.
So security groups are stateful,
network access controllers are stateless.
And that's something we'll learn again
in the VPC section of the course.
I also want you to have a look here, if I go to "Edit" and
I go to "Add a Rule," there's no way,
I can add rules all I want,
I can allow traffic over Oracle RDS,
or Redshift or SMTPS, whatever.
Whatever port it is, I can allow but
I can't actually go in and block an individual port.
I can't go in and say,
"Hey, don't allow any traffic across this."
There's no way of blacklisting a particular port
and likewise there's no way of blacklisting
a particular IP address.
You can't do that with security groups.
Where you can do that is with network access controllers
and again we going to look at that
in the VPC section of the course.
But for now what is really important
is just to remember that
you can't block individual IP addresses
using security groups
and you can't block an individual port.
But the way security groups work, right,
is when you create a security group,
everything is blocked by default.
You have to go in and allow something.
So everything is blocked by default
but when you go in and allow HTTP or MySQL
then the traffic is allowed through.
So that's another thing to take away,
going into your exam.
So I'm just going to close this and go ahead and hit "Save."
Next thing we're going to do is
just go over to our default security group
and what I'm going to do in here is
I'm going to add some Inbound rules.
So let's go and add MySQL for example, so scroll down.
MySQL Aurora, so 3306 and let's add SQL Server,
which will be 1433, so if we find SQL Server,
which is right here, MS SQL, and so 1433, there you go.
Go ahead and hit "Save" and then it's just giving me,
saying that I need to enter a CIDR address range.
So if I put 0.0.0.0/0
and 0.0.0.0/0
and there we go.
I'm going to go ahead and hit "Save."
And that has now allowed MySQL and MS SQL
through our default security group.
Now if we go back to EC2 and click on our running instances,
you can see in here that we've only got
one security group attached to this EC2 instance.
You can attach more than one security group
to an EC2 instance.
The way you do that is, you just click on "Actions,"
and you go over to Networking
and here you go "Change Security Groups."
And we can go ahead in here
and click "Assign Security Groups."
We now have two security groups assigned
to our EC2 instance.
So we've got our default one, as well as our WebDMZ.
We click on "View Inbound Rules," this actually looks
a little bit better now, because we can actually see
which ports are opened by which security groups.
So we're saying here
that WebDMZ is allowing port 80 and port 22
and our default is allowing
port 1433 as well as 3306.
So it's allowing MySQL in as well.
So that is how we can add and remove security groups,
and of course if you add a security group
to an EC2 instance,
that effect takes place immediately.
So I'm just going to go in and I'm going to just clean up.
I'm going back to my security groups
and I'm going to delete my ...
I'm not going to delete my default one
but I am going to delete those rules
that we just created.
Because you really don't want MySQL and SQL Server access
open to the entire world.
It's not a very good security practice.
And the next thing I'm going to do
is just going to go back over to EC2
and I'm going to remove that security group.
So if you go to Actions
and then go over to Networking and Change Security Groups,
I'm just going to remove the default one
and make sure that it is still in the WebDMZ.
So let's go have a look at my exam tips.
So on to my exam tips -
just remember that all inbound traffic
is blocked by default.
So you have to go into a security group and enable it.
So we went and enabled port 80, we enabled port 22, SSH.
We enabled MySQL, etc., etc.
All inbound traffic is blocked by default
but then you can go in and enable individual ports.
Remember that all outbound traffic is allowed.
So even if we went in and deleted that rule,
it has no effect on a security group whatsoever.
The reason for that is security groups are stateful
which we are about to come up to.
Changes to security groups take effect immediately.
So as soon as we deleted port 80,
we could no longer access our website,
soon as we added it again, we could.
You can have any number of EC2 instances,
within a single security group and you can also have
multiple security groups attached to EC2 instances.
So there is not a one-on-one relationship at all.
You can have as many EC2 instances
within an individual security group as you want.
And likewise, you can have multiple security groups
attached to individual EC2 instances.
We learned that security groups are stateful,
so we don't have to change Inbound and Outbound ports.
If you enable something on the Inbound,
Outbound is enabled automatically for that port.
And if you create an Inbound rule allowing traffic in,
which is exactly what I just said,
that traffic is automatically allowed back out again.
And you cannot block specific IP addresses,
using security groups, instead you going to do this
using network access control lists.
We're going to learn all about that
in the VPC section of the course.
And then finally you can specifically allow rules
but you cannot set any deny rules in a security group.
So if you see any scenario questions
about setting up a deny rule on a security group,
security groups don't work like that.
By default they deny everything,
but then you go in and allow.
You can't put a specific deny rule on a security group.
But you can do that with network access controllers
and like I said, we will cover that off in the VPC section
of the course. So, that is it for this lecture, guys.
If you have any questions, please let me know.
If not, feel free to move on to the next lecture,
where we're going to look at EBS volumes.
please join me in the next lecture. Thank you.