Okay. Hello, cloud girls. And welcome to this lecture in this lecture.
We're going to look at how we can share S three buckets. Yeah. Cross accounts.
Now this is mostly a theoretic [inaudible] lecture,
but we will have a lab where we can show you how to enable access, uh,
to [inaudible] from one AWS account to another.
You must have done all the steps in AWS organizations in order for this lab to
work. So you must have done all the steps in the last lecture. Um,
if you haven't, you just want to watch along. Don't worry.
We're not going anywhere after this lecture,
you don't need these buckets shared across accounts.
We're not going to be using that again.
It is a really important exam topic that does come up.
So there are three different ways to share as three buckets across accounts.
First one is using bucket policies. Now,
if you remember bucket policies apply across the entire bucket,
we're going to use bucket policies in conjunction with identity access
management. Um,
so this is going to apply across the entire bucket and it's programmatic access
only, which means that you wouldn't be able to do this using the console.
The other way is by using bucket access control lists. Now,
if you remember bucket ACL was go all the way down to individual objects.
So you use these in conjunction with identity access management. Again,
this is going to be programmatic access only because we don't come from a
developer background. We want to be able to do this and see it in the console.
So in this lecture,
what we're going to look at doing is how we can do this using identity access
management roles. And it,
this has gives you programmatic and console access as well.
Now it's kind of annoying cause we cover off roles in a lot more detail in the
next section of the course or role is just a way of temporarily granting
access to an AWS resource. Um, either from a, another AWS,
a service such as [inaudible] or by, uh, other AWS accounts.
And we will cover it off in [inaudible] in the next section,
the course will show you how we can use roles to access yes, three.
But in this one,
what we're going to do is create an IAM role that will allow us to access, um,
uh, an S three bucket in a, another AWS account.
This is a lab and you will need to log into the AWS console. Okay?
So I've looked into the AWS console. This is a cloud guru account.
A if I go over to my organization,
I'll be able to see that this is the root account. So you can see it here.
It's got the little star, the master account.
Now the account I want to add is this one here. Uh,
I've blurred out the account IDs, but that's what I'm going to go ahead and add.
So I'm going to go over to my services.
And what I want to do is go down to identity access management and what we're
gonna do, it was create our first role. So we click on role.
Let's hit create role, and here we've got different types of trusted entities.
So I'm an AWS service. So we could give this role to an [inaudible] instance.
For example, we're not going to do that. We're going to give it to,
to another AWS account.
So let's click up there and I want you to paste in the account number,
all of your other account, uh, in here, and then go ahead and hit next.
And then what we want to do is create a row and we're going to attach some
policies to this role. So this is what gives us our access.
So I'm going to type in S three and I want to give S3 full access
to this role. And that's it.
I don't want them to be able to use any other services such as [inaudible] et
cetera. So next, I'm going to add my tags.
I'm just going to leave that as blank and I'm going to give my role a name and
we'll call it S three and then we'll call it a cross
account, cross account access,
something like that. And then I'm going to go ahead and hit create row.
So that has now created my role.
I can see it in here and you will be able to notice here. It says,
give this link to users who can switch roles in the console.
So I want you to copy that and put that into notepad or put it somewhere safe
because you will need this link a little bit later on.
Once you've done that all you need to do is go ahead and sign out and we're
going to sign into our other AWS account.
So I'm signing into my other AWS account now than to did my username and
password. As you can see, it's a cloud account bait.
And now what I want to do is go over to services and I want to go down to
security, identity and compliance and going to go down to IAM. So I'm in,
I am, and I want to go over to users and we're going to add a user.
We need to do this cause you can't do this using the root account.
So I'm going to call this username, Ryan Cronenberg,
and I'm going to give myself program management console access.
So we're in the management console. I'm not going to do programmatic access.
We're going to cover that off in the next section of the course,
I'm going to give myself a custom password. So just enter it in here.
And then I'm not going to do a password reset in here.
I'm going to add my user to a group.
So let's create a group and we'll just call it administrator access. It's fine.
So call it. This group name is admins. Go ahead and create the group.
And we've attached a policy to that group. I'm going, of course,
any user in that group is going to inherit the administrator access
policy.
So let's go ahead and hit next and hit next and create our user.
So we've now created our user and they can sign in using this
address. So why don't you copy that link to your clipboard?
And then what I'm going to do is go ahead and log out now navigated to that link
and I'm going to type in my username. So Ryan Cronenberg,
and then in here going to do my credentials,
go ahead and sign in.
And so now signed in as that user who has administrator access to this site,
you can see my username up here. Now, if you have a look,
we've actually got a new button, it says switch role.
We can now click the switch, roll button. Now in order to set this up,
I want you to just paste that link that you had into your,
you can go through here and fill this out,
but you are going to have to remember the row name.
So it's much easier to use that link that we saved earlier.
So I pasted that into my browser and it's automatically filled out all the
things that I need.
And then all I'm going to do is go ahead and hit switch role.
And I'll now be logged in to the other account. You can see up here,
S3 cross account access, and then at, and then the account number. Now,
if I go ahead and let's say, I want to go into billing.
I want to see how much this account is getting billed,
or I won't have permissions for that. It says you need permissions.
The only permissions that we gave to this role is to [inaudible].
So if I go over to services and go over to S3,
I should be able to view all the buckets. There's no buckets in there right now,
but I can go ahead, create a bucket.
I'm just going to give it a random name and hit create.
And then that bucket will then be created because I've got a S3 administrator
access. So you can see I've been able to create that bucket.
I won't be able to access any other AWS service though,
because my permissions are literally just locked down to S three.
So here I am in at UC to got,
can't even see how many running instances there are, et cetera, et cetera.
I could go ahead and try and launch an instance. Uh,
but I'm not going to be able to do that, uh,
simply because I don't have the permissions.
The only thing I've got is the permissions to, uh, and there you go.
You can see an error occur describing your selected AMI.
I'm the only permissions I've got is, uh, for S three.
So it's pretty simple. That's how you set it up. Let's go over to my exam tips.
So going into the exam, you're going to be awesome.
The three different ways are to share as three buckets across accounts.
So you can use bucket policies with identity,
access management and bucket policies always applies across the entire bucket.
You can't lock down individual objects, and this is programmatic access.
Only you can use bucket HCLs and identity access management, again,
bucket ICLs go down to the individual, um, objects, uh,
but it is programmatic access. Only if you need console access,
you do exactly what we did just did we go into the master account,
we create a cross account IAM role.
We then go into the other account,
make sure we've got a user that is set up in that other account.
And then we just go over to the switch roles button,
and then there'll be able to switch into the other AWS account and be able to do
things depending on their level of permissions on that role.
So that is for this lecture. Everyone, if you have any questions,
please let me know. If not, feel free to move on to the next lecture. Thank you.