Okay, hello Cloud Gurus,
and welcome to this lecture.
This lecture is a theoretical lecture, and it's on Snowball.
You might be thinking, what is Snowball?
Well, this is a Snowball, this is what they look like.
They're basically big, big disks.
So a Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transport solution
that uses secure appliances to transfer
large amounts of data into and out of AWS.
So, like I said, it's a big disk.
It's a way of getting huge amount of data into AWS.
And you can also use it to export data from AWS.
And using Snowball addresses common challenges
with large-scale data transfers
including high network costs,
long transfer times, and security concerns.
Transferring data with Snowball is simple,
fast, secure, and can be as little
as one-fifth the cost of using high-speed internet.
Snowball basically comes in two flavors.
You've got 50 terabytes or 80 terabytes.
So, Snowball uses multiple layers
of security designed to protect your data,
including tamper-resistant enclosures, 256-bit encryption,
and an industry-standard Trusted Platform Module,
or TPM, which is designed to ensure both security
and full chain-of-custody of your data.
And once your data transfer job
has been processed and verified
AWS performs a software erasure of the Snowball appliance.
And they do it in such a way that you can't
just take a Snowball and restore the data
from previous customers as well.
It's completely wiped, basically they nuke it, essentially.
We also have a Snowball Edge.
Snowball Edge comes in 100 terabytes' worth of data.
And this is a device
with an onboard storage and compute capability.
So you can actually run, like, Lambda functions
from Snowball Edge,
and we're going to cover off what Lambda is later,
but, essentially, this gives you compute and storage.
And you can use Snowball Edge
to move large amounts of data in and out of AWS,
as a temporary storage tier for large local datasets,
or also to support local workloads
in remote or offline locations.
And to give you an idea, one of the major airlines ...
they do a lot of testing of the aircraft
and they actually have Snowball Edges in their aircraft.
And it's not just storing data inside
the aircraft, but it's also doing compute.
It's running, like, Lambda functions as well.
So, basically, Snowball Edge is kind of like having
a mini-AWS, you know, at your disposal.
So Snowball Edge connects to your existing applications
and infrastructure using standard storage interfaces,
streamlining the data transfer process,
and minimizing setup and integration.
And Snowball Edge can cluster together
to form local storage tiers
and process your data on-premise, helping ensure
your applications continue to run
even when they are not able to access the cloud.
So, like I said, it's like having a ...
sort of, a portable version of AWS.
So, what is Snowmobile?
Well, Snowmobile is just insane.
It's an exabyte-scale data transfer service
used to move extremely large amounts of data to AWS.
You can transfer up to 100 petabytes per Snowmobile.
It's basically a 45-foot long ruggedized shipping container,
which is being pulled by a semitrailer truck.
And that makes it easier to move massive volumes of data
to the cloud, including video libraries, image repositories,
or even a complete data center migration.
And transferring data with Snowmobile
is secure, fast, and cost-effective.
So, this is when you should use a Snowball.
Basically, we're looking at different
available internet connections here.
So, go to T3, which is 44.736 megabits per second.
We've got 100 megabits per second.
And then we've got 1,000 megabits per second.
And if we were pushing 100 terabytes
at those different speeds
you can see how long it's going to take.
So it's going to take 269 days, or 120 days, or 12 days.
So if you were basically going to use AWS Snowball
with those three different speeds,
over here is the different amounts
that you should consider using Snowball.
So two terabytes or more for this connection.
Five terabytes or more for 100 megabits per second.
And then 60 terabytes or more for 1,000 megabits per second.
So, that's all Snowball is.
What are my exam tips?
Well, just remember what Snowball is.
Remember that Snowball can import to S3
and export from S3 as well, and that's really it.
You really just need to,
if you get a scenario-based question
talking about moving large amounts of data
into the AWS cloud you want to use Snowball.
The next lecture is just a fun lecture.
It's completely optional,
it's where we actually get a Snowball.
And we connect it up, and then we basically copy some files
to our Snowball, and then send it off to AWS.
That will not come up in your exam at all.
So if you want to skip the next lecture, fine.
But if you've got the time,
please join me in the next lecture.
After that we're going to cover off Storage Gateway.
And then we're going to summarize the rest
of this section of the course.
So if you've got the time please join me
in the next lecture, thank you.