Okay, hello Cloud Gurus
and welcome to the very last theoretical lecture
of this section of the course.
So this is on Storage Gateway.
Now, I'll be honest.
I did the exam about two days ago
and Storage Gateway didn't come up.
However, it used to be a very popular exam topic
and you should still know what it is
because a lot of people don use Storage Gateway
to move data into AWS.
So what is Storage Gateway?
Well, it comes in a bunch of different flavors
but basically it's a service
that connects an on-premise software appliance
with cloud-based storage to provide seamless
and secure integration
between an organization's on-premise IT environment
and AWS's storage infrastructure.
And the service enables you to securely store data
to the AWS cloud for scalable and cost-effective storage.
So what does that actually mean?
Well, let's have a look at our data center.
So we've got Storage Gateway here
and Storage Gateway is basically a virtual
or physical device
and it's going to replicate your data into AWS.
Now, it always used to be a virtual device
but they have released hardware appliances now
so you can actually have a physical Storage Gateway as well.
So Storage Gateway's software appliance
is available for you to download as a virtual machine image
that you install on a host in your data center.
And Storage Gateway supports either VMware's ESXi
or Microsoft's Hyper-V as the hypervisor.
So a hypervisor is just what you run virtual machines on.
And once you've installed your gateway
and associated it with you AWS account
through the activation process,
you can use the AWS Management Console
to create the Storage Gateway option that is right for you.
So Storage Gateway comes
in effectively three different flavors
and they are as follows.
So we have our File Gateway
and this is either NFS or SMB.
We then have our Volume Gateway and this is using iSCSI.
So File Gateway is basically a way
of storing files in S3
whereas Volume Gateway is a way of storing basically copies
of your hard disk drives
or virtual hard disk drives in S3
and there's two different types of Volume Gateway.
You've got your stored volumes
and then you've also got your cached volumes as well.
And then finally, we have Tape Gateway
and this is a virtual tape library
so let's go ahead and have a look at all of them.
So we'll start with File Gateway.
This is basically where files are stored
as objects in your S3 buckets
and they're accessed through a network file system
or NFS mount point.
And then ownership permissions and timestamps
are durably stored in the S3,
in the user metadata of the object associated with the file
and once objects are transferred to S3,
they could be managed as native S3 objects
and bucket policies such as versioning,
lifecycle management and cross-region replication
can apply directly to objects stored in your bucket.
So you can have all the goodness of S3.
So it's basically a way
of connecting your on-premise infrastructure to S3.
So here's a good example.
Got our application server here.
It's using an NFS mount point to Storage Gateway.
That then connects in over the internet
or over Direct Connect which we're going to cover off later
on in the networking section of the course
as well as Amazon VPC.
And then it's going to store your files in S3.
And this diagram's slightly out of date.
It has S3-IA, it doesn't have S3 with intelligent tiering
and it doesn't have the two different types of Glacier
but you get the point.
It basically is a way of storing
your application server's data into S3.
So that's all File Gateway is.
Volume Gateway basically presents your applications
with the iSCSI block protocol.
So it basically you can use virtual hard disk drives
and data written to these volumes
can be asynchronously backed up
as point-in-time snapshots of your volumes
and stored in the cloud as EBS snapshots.
And the snapshots are incremental backups
that capture only change blocks
and all the snapshot storage
is also compressed to minimize your storage charges.
So Volume Gateway basically is a way
of storing your virtual hard disk drives in S3.
And it looks like EBS snapshots.
Now, don't worry, we haven't covered off what EBS is yet.
We will cover that off in EC2
in the very next section of the course
but just think of Volume Gateway
as a way of storing virtual hard disk drives in the cloud.
And it comes in two different flavors.
We've got stored volumes
and this allows you to store your primary data locally
so you always have a complete copy of your data locally
in your data center
and it's backing that data up to AWS.
And stored volumes provide your on-premise applications
with low latency access to their entire dataset.
So with stored volumes,
it's really important to remember
that it's the entire dataset
and it's going to provide durable, offsite backups
and you can create storage volumes and mount them
on an iSCSI drive from your on-premise application servers
and then data written to your stored volumes
is stored on your on-premise storage hardware
and this data is then asynchronously backed up
to S3 in the form of EBS snapshots
and at the moment is between one gig to 16 terabytes in size
for stored volumes.
If that has changed, don't worry about it.
You're never going to be tested on volume sizes
in the AWS exam.
It's always going to be scenario-based questions.
So this is what it looks like here.
We've got our users and our client.
They're using the application servers.
This then uses an iSCSI connection
to our host and our host
is running our gateway virtual machines
and essentially we're creating volumes on this host
and then what's happening is the virtual machine
is then replicating these volumes up to AWS
and storing it as snapshots in S3.
Cached volumes is slightly different.
So you do have to remember the differences between them
and cached volumes is basically,
it doesn't do the entire dataset locally.
It is only doing the most frequently used data
in your Storage Gateway.
So cached volumes minimizes the need
to scale your on-premise storage infrastructure
while still providing your applications
with low latency access to their frequently accessed data.
So you can create storage volumes
of up to 32 terabytes in size
and attach them as iSCSI devices
from your on-premise application servers.
Now, your gateway stores the data that you write
to these volumes in S3
just like the lat one and it retains recently read data
in your on-premise Storage Gateway's cache
and upload buffer storage.
So it's between one gig and 32 terabytes in size
for cached volumes.
Again, don't worry, you'll never be tested on that.
It's just important to understand
that cached volumes is a way
of caching the most actively used data
whereas with stored volumes,
it's the entire dataset.
So again here's a diagram.
We've got our users, we've got our application servers.
It's connecting in through iSCSI to our host
and our host is running our virtual machine gateway,
our gateway VM.
This is also accessing SAN,
so storage attached networking
and again, that's just like basically a big disk.
And then the gateway VM is replicating our information
over to S3.
So that's how that one works.
And then finally we have Tape Gateway.
It offers durable, cost-effective solution
to archive your data in the AWS cloud.
So it's a way of getting rid of tapes.
The virtual tape library interface it provides
lets you leverage your existing
tape-based backup application infrastructure
to store data on virtual tape cartridges
that you create on your tape gateway.
So if you are already using tapes
and different applications, software that connects
into tapes, you can actually replace
your entire tape infrastructure
and just use Tape Gateway.
So it's a really great way of moving your backups to cloud.
And so each Tape Gateway is pre-configured
with a media changer and tape drives which are available
on your existing client backup applications
as iSCSI devices and you can add tape cartridges
as you need to archive your data
and it's supported by a really popular backup software
like NetBackup, Backup Exec, Veeam, et cetera, et cetera.
And this what it looks like.
So over here, we've got Data Center A,
Data Center B, we've of our tape drives.
This is running as a gateway virtual machine.
So this is our Storage Gateway
and essentially it's just replicating our virtual tapes
to S3 and of course,
then you can archive them off to Glacier as well
to keep your costs low.
So that is it for Storage Gateway.
Like I said, I did the exam a couple of days ago
and it did not come up at all.
It may well have just been moved over
to the SysOps Administrator Associate.
It is a critical subject to understand going
into your SysOps Administrator Associate.
That being said, it is also important to understand it
if you do work as a solutions architect,
especially if you're working with a company
that's moving to AWS and they've got a virtual tape,
they've got a tape library.
It's good to know
that you can actually leverage Storage Gateway
to move that over to virtual tapes
and replicate it over to the cloud.
So what are my exam tips?
Well, we've got File Gateway.
This is NFS and it's for flat files
and it's going to be stored directly on S3.
We've got Volume Gateway
which is using iSCSI
and it consists of two different volumes.
So we've got stored volumes.
Stored volumes is your entire dataset
to be stored on S3.
Then we've got cached volumes
and this where your entire dataset
is still stored on S3
but the most frequently accessed data
is cached on site.
And with stored volumes, the entire dataset
is stored on site.
So that's the difference.
Stored volumes is you've got your entire dataset
on site, cached volumes is where you've only got
your most frequently accessed data cached on site
and then we also have Gateway Virtual Tape Library.
And I have been, like I said as well,
we were talking about that these were virtual appliances
or virtual machines.
You can also get physical Storage Gateway appliances
as well now.
So that is it for this lecture, guys.
You've done really, really well.
You're at the end of the S3 and IAM section of the course.
In the next lecture, we're just going to summarize
everything that we've learnt.
So if you've got the time,
please join me in the next lecture, thank you.